{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\info 
{\title {\comment Acconeer API }Acconeer API}
{\comment Generated byDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2019\mo10\dy1\hr14\min20\sec45}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Acconeer API}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version \par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Tue Oct 1 2019 }}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Table of Contents\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
User guides{\tc \v User guides}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZJ}
\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Userguides include a getting started guide for each of Acconeer's services and detectors. They describe how to get started with an easy example to retrieve data from the sensor which can be used in various applications. It is recommended to use the Exploration Tool for better understanding of the output data from the services.\par
{\b Envelope service}\par
{\b Iq service}\par
{\b Power bins service}\par
{\b Sparse service} \par
}}
{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid {\tc\tcl2 \v Envelope service}
Envelope service\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHK}
}{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The Envelope Service is one of four services that provides an interface for reading out the radar signal from the Acconeer A111 sensor. The data returned from the envelope service is typically further processed and can be used in different types of algorithms such as distance measurement algorithms, motion detection algorithms, and object positioning algorithms. In use cases where low computation complexity is important, and the exact location of objects is less important you may consider using the power bins service instead of the envelope service. Advanced users that needs phase information for detecting very small variations in distance will probably prefer the IQ data service instead of the envelop service. Users which are interested in detection of any movement, small or large, occurring in front of the sensor can instead use our sparse service.\par
Acconeer also intends to provide several easy to use detectors that are implemented on top of the basic data services. The detectors provide an interface for higher level tasks like distance measurements, motion detection etc.\par
Acconeer provides an example of how to use the envelope service: {\b example_service_envelope.c}\par
For more details on the envelope data it is recommended to use our exploration tool. Check it out on {\f2 github}\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 Setting up the service} \par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Initializing the system} \par}
The Radar System Software (RSS) must be activated before any other calls are done. The activation requires a pointer to an {\b acc_hal_t} struct which contains information on the hardware integration and function pointers to hardware driver functions that are needed by RSS. See chapter 4 in the document \'93HAL Integration User Guide\'94 for more information on how to integrate to the driver layer and populate the hal struct.\par
In Acconeer\'92s example integration towards STM32 and the drivers generated by the STM32Cube tool, there is a function acc_hal_integration_get_implementation to obtain the hal struct.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_hal_t hal = acc_hal_integration_get_implementation();\par
\par
if (!acc_rss_activate_with_hal(&hal))\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
The corresponding code looks slightly different in software packages for the Raspberry Pi and other software packages from Acconeer where peripheral drivers for the host are included. The driver layer is first initialized by calling acc_driver_hal_init. The hal struct is then obtained with the function acc_driver_hal_get_implementation.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid if (!acc_driver_hal_init())\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
acc_hal_t hal = acc_driver_hal_get_implementation();\par
\par
if (!acc_rss_activate_with_hal(&hal))\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Service API} \par}
All services in the Acconeer API are created and activated in two distinct steps. In the first creation step the configuration settings are evaluated and all necessary resources are allocated. If there is some error in the configuration or if there are not enough resources in the system to run the service, the creation step will fail. However, when the creation is successful you can be sure that the second activation step will not fail due to any configuration or resource issues. When the service is activated the radar is activated and can start producing data.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Envelope service configuration} \par}
Before the envelope service can be created and activated, we must prepare a service configuration. First a configuration is created.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_configuration_t envelope_configuration = acc_service_envelope_configuration_create();\par
\par
if (envelope_configuration == NULL)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
The newly created service configuration contains default settings for all configuration parameters and can be passed directly to the acc_service_create function. However, in most scenarios there is a need to change at least some of the configuration parameters.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Creating service} \par}
After the envelope configuration has been prepared and populated with desired configuration parameters, the actual envelope service instance must be created. During the creation step all configuration parameters are validated and the resources needed by RSS are reserved. This means that if the creation step is successful, we can be sure that it is possible to activate the service and get data from the sensor (unless there is some unexpected hardware error).\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_handle_t handle = acc_service_create(envelope_configuration);\par
\par
if (handle == NULL)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
If the service handle returned from acc_service_create is equal to NULL, then some setting in the configuration made it impossible for the system to create the service. One common reason is that the requested sweep length is too long for the selected profile, but in general, looking for error messages in the log is the best way to find out why a service creation failed.\par
When the service has been created it is possible to get the actual number of samples (data_length) we will get for each result. This value can be useful when allocating buffers for storing the envelope data.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_envelope_metadata_t envelope_metadata;\par
acc_service_envelope_get_metadata(handle, &envelope_metadata);\par
\par
uint16_t data[envelope_metadata.data_length];\par
}
\par
It is now also possible to activate the service. This means that the radar sensor may start to produce data\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_status_t service_status = acc_service_activate(handle);\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Reading Envelope Data from the Sensor} \par}
The easiest way to read the envelope data from the sensor is to call the function acc_service_envelope_get_next. This function blocks until the next sweep arrives from the sensor and the result is available in envelope_data.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid uint16_t                           data[envelope_metadata.data_length];\par
acc_service_envelope_result_info_t result_info;\par
\par
for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++)\par
\{\par
        service_status = acc_service_envelope_get_next(handle, data, envelope_metadata.data_length, &result_info);\par
        if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK)\par
        \{\par
                /* Handle error */\par
        \}\par
\}\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Deactivating and destroying the service} \par}
Call the acc_service_deactivate function to stop measurements.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid service_status = acc_service_deactivate(handle);\par
if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
After the service has been deactivated it can be activated again to resume measurements or it can be destroyed to free up the resources associated with the service handle.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_destroy(&handle);\par
}
\par
Finally, call acc_rss_deactivate when the application doesn\'92t need to access the Radar System Software anymore. This releases any remaining resources allocated in RSS.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_rss_deactivate();\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 How to Interpret the Envelope Data} \par}
The envelope data should be interpreted as a single one-dimensional array, where each array element represents the amplitude of the reflected signal from objects at a particular radial distance from the sensor.\par
Assume that you have a setup with two objects like in the figure above. When plotting the envelope data recorded using the default maximum depth resolution profile you will get a graph similar to the one below.\par
When the Maximize SNR profile is used, the radar sends out more energy, and the receiver has a higher gain setting which leads to a higher amplitude in the received signal. The internal filter parameters are also different which gives a smoother signal where noise and fine details have been removed. The graph below shows the same two objects as before but with the Maximize SNR profile enabled.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Envelope Metadata} \par}
In addition to the array with Envelope data samples, a metadata data structure provides side information that can be useful when interpreting the Envelope data. This metadata can be retrieved after creating the service. It will not change during operation, so it is only needed to be retrieved once for the created service.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_envelope_metadata_t envelope_metadata;\par
acc_service_envelope_get_metadata(handle, &envelope_metadata);\par
}
\par
The most important member variable in the meta data structure is data_length which holds the length of the envelope data array. For other member variables see {\b acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Envelope result info} \par}
Result info is another kind of metadata which might change for each retrieved result. Result info is provided at the same time as the resulting array, either when calling get_next() or when a callback is triggered.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_envelope_result_info_t result_info;\par
acc_service_envelope_get_next(handle, data, data_length, &result_info);\par
}
\par
The most important member variable is the sensor_communication_error which indicates whether a sensor communication has occurred. For other member variables see {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t}\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 Simple Distance Algorithm Example} \par}
In this example we will implement a simple distance algorithm that finds the distance to the strongest reflecting object by finding the highest peak in the envelope data. We start by writing a function to find the index for the value in the envelope data array with the highest amplitude.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid int peak_index(uint16_t data[], uint16_t data_length)\par
\{\par
    uint16_t max = 0;\par
    int peak_idx = 0;\par
    for (int i = 0 ; i<data_length ; i++)\par
    \{\par
        if (data[i] > max )\par
        \{\par
            max = data[i];\par
            peak_idx = i;\par
        \}\par
    \}\par
    return peak_idx;\par
\}\par
}
\par
By using information on actual start and actual sweep length in the meta data structure we can transform the index to a distance. To avoid measuring the distance to some peak in the background noise when there is no object in front of the sensor we define an amplitude threshold that must be exceeded in order to write out that we found a distance.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid int peak_idx = peak_index(envelope_data, envelope_metadata.data_length);\par
unint16_t min_amplitude = 1000;\par
\par
if (envelope_data[peak_idx] > min_amplitude)\par
\{\par
   float dist =  envelope_metadata.actual_start_m + peak_idx *\par
                 envelope_metadata.actual_stepsize_m;\par
   printf ("distance: %f, amplitude %u\\n", dist, envelope_data[peak_idx]);\par
\}\par
else\par
\{\par
   printf ("amplitude under threshold\\n");\par
\}\par
}
 \par
}}
{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid {\tc\tcl2 \v Iq service}
Iq service\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHL}
}{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The IQ Service is one of three services that provide an interface for reading out the radar signal from the Acconeer A111 sensor. The IQ-data can be seen as an extension of the envelope data. In addition to the amplitude, the IQ data also includes information on the phase of the radar signal. The data returned from the IQ Service is represented as complex numbers and the IQ data is typically further processed using various signal processing algorithms. The IQ data can for example be used for measurement of small changes in distance with micrometer accuracy or for efficient background cancellation.\par
For applications where the phase information is not needed you may consider using the envelope service or power bin service instead. They both provide amplitude data and are easier to understand and work with compared to the IQ Service. The envelope service provides full resolution, whereas the power bins interface provides less processed subsampled amplitude data.\par
Before using the IQ service, we recommend that you have a basic understanding of complex numbers and how they are used to represent phase and amplitude in signal processing.\par
Acconeer provide an example of how to use the envelope service: {\b example_service_iq.c}\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 Setting up the service} \par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Initializing the system} \par}
The Radar System Software (RSS) must be activated before any other calls are done. The activation requires a pointer to an {\b acc_hal_t} struct which contains information on the hardware integration and function pointers to hardware driver functions that are needed by RSS. See chapter 4 in the document \'93HAL Integration User Guide\'94 for more information on how to integrate to the driver layer and populate the hal struct.\par
In Acconeer\'92s example integration towards STM32 and the drivers generated by the STM32Cube tool, there is a function acc_hal_integration_get_implementation to obtain the hal struct.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_hal_t hal = acc_hal_integration_get_implementation();\par
\par
if (!acc_rss_activate_with_hal(&hal))\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
The corresponding code looks slightly different in software packages for the Raspberry Pi and other software packages from Acconeer where peripheral drivers for the host are included. The driver layer is first initialized by calling acc_driver_hal_init. The hal struct is then obtained with the function acc_driver_hal_get_implementation.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid if (!acc_driver_hal_init())\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
hal = acc_driver_hal_get_implementation();\par
\par
if (!acc_rss_activate_with_hal(&hal))\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Service API} \par}
All services in the Acconeer API are created and activated in two distinct steps. In the first creation step the configuration settings are evaluated and all necessary resources are allocated. If there is some error in the configuration or if there are not enough resources in the system to run the service, the creation step will fail. However, when the creation is successful you can be sure that the second activation step will not fail due to any configuration or resource issues. When the service is activated the radar is activated and the radar data starts to flow from the sensor to the application.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 IQ service configuration} \par}
Before the iq service can be created and activated, we must prepare a service configuration. First a configuration is created.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_configuration_t iq_configuration = acc_service_iq_configuration_create();\par
\par
if (iq_configuration == NULL)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
The newly created service configuration contains default settings for all configuration parameters and can be passed directly to the acc_service_create function. However, in most scenarios there is a need to change at least some of the configuration parameters.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Creating service} \par}
After the iq configuration has been prepared and populated with desired configuration parameters, the actual iq service instance must be created. During the creation step all configuration parameters are validated and the resources needed by RSS are reserved. This means that if the creation step is successful, we can be sure that it is possible to activate the service and get data from the sensor (unless there is some unexpected hardware error).\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_handle_t handle = acc_service_create(iq_configuration);\par
\par
if (handle == NULL)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
If the service handle returned from acc_service_create is equal to NULL, then some setting in the configuration made it impossible for the system to create the service. One common reason is that the requested sweep length is too long for the selected profile, but in general, looking for error messages in the log is the best way to find out why a service creation failed.\par
When the service has been created it is possible to get the actual number of samples (data_length) we will get for each sweep. This value can be useful when allocating buffers for storing the iq data.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_iq_metadata_t iq_metadata;\par
acc_service_iq_get_metadata(handle, &iq_metadata);\par
\par
uint16_t data[iq_metadata.data_length];\par
}
\par
It is now also possible to activate the service. This means that the radar sensor starts to do measurements.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_status_t service_status = acc_service_activate(handle);\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Reading iq data from the Sensor} \par}
The easiest way to read the iq data from the sensor is to call the function acc_service_iq_get_next. This function blocks until the next sweep arrives from the sensor and the iq data is then copied to the iq_data array.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid uint16_t                           data[iq_metadata.data_length];\par
acc_service_iq_result_info_t result_info;\par
\par
for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++)\par
\{\par
        service_status = acc_service_iq_get_next(handle, data, iq_metadata.data_length, &result_info);\par
        if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK)\par
        \{\par
                /* Handle error */\par
        \}\par
\}\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Deactivating and destroying the service} \par}
Call the acc_service_deactivate function to stop measurements.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid service_status = acc_service_deactivate(handle);\par
if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
After the service has been deactivated it can be activated again to resume measurements or it can be destroyed to free up the resources associated with the service handle.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_destroy(&handle);\par
}
\par
Finally, call acc_rss_deactivate when the application doesn\'92t need to access the Radar System Software anymore. This releases any remaining resources allocated in RSS.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_rss_deactivate();\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 How to Interpret the IQ Data} \par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Calculating Amplitude and Phase} \par}
Each IQ data sample is a complex number consisting of two parts, a real component and an imaginary component. All complex numbers can be written in the form a + bi, where a and b are two ordinary real numbers and i is the imaginary unit that can be thought of having the value sqrt(-1). A complex number z = a + bi is said to have the real part a and the imaginary part b.\par
Complex numbers can also be seen as points or vectors in the complex plane and be represented in polar coordinates with a radius and an angle. In the context of IQ data, the radius corresponds to the signal amplitude and angle is the phase of the signal.\par
The Acconeer IQ data API relay on the c99 representation of complex float. Use the functions crealf and cimagf to extract the real and imaginary parts of the complex number.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid #include <complex.h>\par
\par
float complex z = 2 + 3*I;\par
\par
float a = crealf(z);\par
float b = cimagf(z);\par
\par
float amplitude = cabsf(z); // same as sqrtf(a*a + b*b)\par
float phase = cargf(z);     // same as atan2f(b,a)\par
}
\par
The phase difference between two IQ data samples z1 and z2 can be calculated using the expression cargf(z2 * conjf(z1)).\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid float phase_shift = cargf(z2 * conjf(z1));\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Plotting amplitude and phase} \par}
The graphs below show the amplitude and phase response from an object placed about 28 cm from the sensor. In the amplitude graph we can see shadow reflections 6 and 12 cm behind the object. To achieve as stable phase as possible, we are running the A111 radar sensor in a different mode in the IQ Service compared to the Envelope and Power Bins services. The phase gets more stable in the IQ service but as a side effect we are getting shadow reflections behind the object.\par
Note that in the phase plot below, the signal wraps around from pi to -pi at a distance around 0.30m and then it goes back from -pi to pi a little bit later.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 IQ Metadata} \par}
In addition to the array with iq data samples, a metadata data structure provides side information that can be useful when interpreting the iq data. This metadata can be retrieved after creating the service. It will not change during operation, so it is only needed to be retrieved once for the created service.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_iq_metadata_t iq_metadata;\par
acc_service_iq_get_metadata(handle, &iq_metadata);\par
}
\par
The most important member variable in the meta data structure is data_length which holds the length of the iq data array. For other member variables see {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t}.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 IQ result info} \par}
Result info is another kind of metadata which might change for each retrieved result. Result info is provided at the same time as the resulting array, either when calling get_next() or when a callback is triggered.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_iq_result_info_t result_info;\par
acc_service_iq_get_next(handle, data, data_length, &result_info);\par
}
\par
The most important member variable is the sensor_communication_error which indicates whether a sensor communication has occurred. For other member variables see {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t}\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Micro Motion Measurement Example} \par}
In this example we will implement a simple phase tracking algorithm that can detect micro motions about 25 cm from the sensor. It will look at differences in the phase information between consecutive sweeps and from that calculate how much the object has moved. For each sweep we will look at one sample in the middle of the sweep array so the sweep length can be decreased to a few centimeters. A short sweep range also means that we can run at a high sweep frequency. That is good, because between two sweeps, we can only measure phase differences up to pi radians \'96 which corresponds to object movements of up to 1.25mm.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid /* Set up the IQ service as described in chapter 2 and 3, use the configuration below */\par
\par
float frequencey = 300;\par
acc_sweep_configuration_requested_range_set(sweep_configuration, .20, 0.1);\par
acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_streaming_set(sweep_configuration, frequencey);\par
}
\par
The IQ data sample from the previous sweep is stored in the variable z0 and the sample from the current sweep is stored in z1. The phase difference between the two sweeps is then calculated and we will get the movement between the sweeps by multiplying by wavelength / (4 * pi). The variable acc_dist holds the accumulated distance changes since start of tracking. If the amplitude falls under the threshold the accumulated distance is reset to 0. Note that we are tracking relative movements about 25 cm from the sensor, wo do not measure any absolute distances in this example.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid const float wavelength = 5.0; // wavelength in mm\par
const float pi = 3.14159265359;\par
const float amplitude_threshold = 0.1;\par
float complex z0 = 0;\par
float acc_dist = 0;\par
acc_service_status_t status;\par
\par
while (true) \{\par
    status = acc_service_iq_get_next(iq_handle, iq_data, iq_metadata.data_length,\par
                                     &result_info);\par
    if (status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK) \{\par
        /* handle error */\par
    \}\par
\par
    float complex z1 = iq_data[iq_metadata.data_length/2];\par
\par
    if (cabsf(z1) > amplitude_threshold) \{\par
        if( z0 != 0) \{\par
            float delta_dist = cargf(z1 * conjf(z0)) * wavelength / (4 * pi);\par
            acc_dist += delta_dist;\par
            printf("delta distance % 0.2f mm, accumulated distance % 0.2f mm, speed = "\par
                   "% 0.2f m/s\\n", delta_dist, acc_dist, delta_dist * frequencey /1000);\par
        \}\par
        z0 = z1;\par
    \} else if (z0 != 0) \{\par
        printf("no object detected, resetting tracking\\n");\par
        z0 = 0;\par
        acc_dist = 0;\par
    \}\par
\}\par
}
 \par
}}
{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid {\tc\tcl2 \v Power bins service}
Power bins service\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHM}
}{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The Power Bins Service is one of three services that provide an interface for reading out the radar signal from the Acconeer A111 sensor. The Power Bins Service is mainly intended for use in low power applications where large objects are measured at short distances from the radar sensor e.g. in parking sensors mounted on the ground.\par
The data provided by the power bins API is essentially subsampled envelope data. However, the power bins values are calculated using an algorithm optimized for low computational complexity. This algorithm will not remove as much noise from the signal as the more advanced signal processing algorithms used in the Envelope and IQ Data Services.\par
For use cases where weaker radar echoes are measured or when the resolution of the signal is important, we recommend using the Envelope or IQ data service instead.\par
Acconeer provide an example of how to use the envelope service: {\b example_service_power_bins.c}\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 Setting up the service} \par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Initializing the system} \par}
The Radar System Software (RSS) must be activated before any other calls are done to the radar sensor service API. The activation requires a pointer to an {\b acc_hal_t} struct which contains information on the hardware integration and function pointers to hardware driver functions that are needed by RSS. See chapter 4 in the document \'93HAL Integration User Guide\'94 for more information on how to integrate to the driver layer and populate the hal struct.\par
In Acconeer\'92s example integration towards STM32 and the drivers generated by the STM32Cube tool, there is a function acc_hal_integration_get_implementation to obtain the hal struct.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_hal_t hal = acc_hal_integration_get_implementation();\par
\par
if (!acc_rss_activate_with_hal(&hal))\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
The corresponding code looks slightly different in software packages for the Raspberry Pi and other software packages from Acconeer where peripheral drivers for the host are included. The driver layer is first initialized by calling acc_driver_hal_init. The hal struct is then obtained with the function acc_driver_hal_get_implementation.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid if (!acc_driver_hal_init())\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
hal = acc_driver_hal_get_implementation();\par
\par
if (!acc_rss_activate_with_hal(&hal))\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Service API} \par}
All services in the Acconeer API are created and activated in two distinct steps. In the first creation step the configuration settings are evaluated and all necessary resources are allocated. If there is some error in the configuration or if there are not enough resources in the system to run the service, the creation step will fail. However, when the creation is successful you can be sure that the second activation step will not fail due to any configuration or resource issues. When the service is activated the radar is activated and the radar data starts to flow from the sensor to the application.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Power bins service configuration} \par}
Before the power bins service can be created and activated, we must prepare a service configuration. First a configuration is created.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_configuration_t power_bins_configuration = acc_service_power_bins_configuration_create();\par
\par
if (power_bins_configuration == NULL)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
The newly created service configuration contains default settings for all configuration parameters and can be passed directly to the acc_service_create function. However, in most scenarios there is a need to change at least some of the configuration parameters.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Creating service} \par}
After the power bins configuration has been prepared and populated with desired configuration parameters, the actual power bins service instance must be created. During the creation step all configuration parameters are validated and the resources needed by RSS are reserved. This means that if the creation step is successful, we can be sure that it is possible to activate the service and get data from the sensor (unless there is some unexpected hardware error).\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_handle_t handle = acc_service_create(power_bins_configuration);\par
\par
if (handle == NULL)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
If the service handle returned from acc_service_create is equal to NULL, then some setting in the configuration made it impossible for the system to create the service. One common reason is that the requested sweep length is too long for the selected profile, but in general, looking for error messages in the log is the best way to find out why a service creation failed.\par
When the service has been created it is possible to get the actual number of samples (data_length) we will get for each sweep. This value can be useful when allocating buffers for storing the power bins data.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t power_bins_metadata;\par
acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata(handle, &power_bins_metadata);\par
\par
uint16_t data[power_bins_metadata.data_length];\par
}
\par
It is now also possible to activate the service. This means that the radar sensor starts to do measurements.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_status_t service_status = acc_service_activate(handle);\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Reading Power Bins Data from the Sensor} \par}
The easiest way to read the power bins data from the sensor is to call the function acc_service_power_bins_get_next. This function blocks until the next sweep arrives from the sensor and the power bins data is then copied to the power_bins_data array.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid uint16_t                           data[power_bins_metadata.data_length];\par
acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t result_info;\par
\par
for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++)\par
\{\par
        status = acc_service_power_bins_get_next(handle, data, power_bins_metadata.data_length, &result_info);\par
        if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK)\par
        \{\par
                /* Handle error */\par
        \}\par
\}\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Deactivating and destroying the service} \par}
Call the acc_service_deactivate function to stop measurements.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid service_status = acc_service_deactivate(handle);\par
if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
After the service has been deactivated it can be activated again to resume measurements or it can be destroyed to free up the resources associated with the service handle.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_destroy(&handle);\par
}
\par
Finally, call acc_rss_deactivate when the application doesn\'92t need to access the Radar System Software anymore. This releases any remaining resources allocated in RSS.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_rss_deactivate();\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 How to Interpret the Power Bins Data} \par}
Each data point in a Power Bins data sweep contains the average amplitude in a short interval. In the example below, we are measuring the interval 0.15 m to 0.50 m using 9 bins. The interval is divided into 9 sub intervals and for each subinterval the average amplitude is calculated. The first subinterval (bin 1) contains the average amplitude for the interval 0.15 m to approximately 0.19 m and the last subinterval (bin 9) contains the average amplitude for the interval from approximately 0.46m to 0.5 m.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Power Bins Metadata} \par}
In addition to the array with Power Bins data samples, a metadata data structure provides side information that can be useful when interpreting the Power Bins data. This metadata can be retrieved after creating the service. It will not change during operation, so it is only needed to be retrieved once for the created service.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t power_bins_metadata;\par
acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata(handle, &power_bins_metadata);\par
}
\par
The most important member variable in the meta data struct is actual_bin_count. It contains the number of entries in the Power Bins data array. For other member variables see {\b acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Power bins result info} \par}
Result info is another kind of metadata which might change for each retrieved result. Result info is provided at the same time as the resulting array, either when calling get_next() or when a callback is triggered.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t result_info;\par
acc_service_power_bins_get_next(handle, data, data_length, &result_info);\par
}
\par
The most important member variable is the sensor_communication_error which indicates whether an error occurred when communicating with the sensor. For other member variables see {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t}\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 Object detection example} \par}
In the following example we will show how the power bins API can be used for detecting if an object is present in front of the sensor. The basic idea is to detect if the signal amplitude in any of the power bin data values are exceeding a predefined threshold. The measured amplitude can differ between different sensor samples. This can be problematic in applications like this where we compare the amplitude to a predefined threshold. To reduce the impact of the problem we first record the noise level. We then use the average noise level to normalize the measured values when transmission is enabled. By using this trick, we can compensate for gain variations in the receiver chain of the radar sensor.\par
First code example show how to measure the noise level for the sensor.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_configuration_t configuration;\par
acc_service_handle_t handle;\par
\par
configuration = acc_service_power_bins_configuration_create();\par
\par
if (power_bins_configuration == NULL) \{\par
    /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_set(configuration, 10);\par
\par
acc_sweep_configuration_t sweep_configuration;\par
\par
sweep_configuration = acc_service_get_sweep_configuration(configuration);\par
\par
if (sweep_configuration == NULL) \{\par
    /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
// Update sweep configuration according to project needs\par
\par
// Disable radio transmitter to only capture noise\par
acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_set(sweep_configuration, true);\par
\par
handle = acc_service_create(configuration);\par
\par
if (handle == NULL) \{\par
    /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
acc_service_power_bins_configuration_destroy(&configuration);\par
\par
handle = setup_power_bins(disable_transmission);\par
acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata(handle, &power_bins_metadata);\par
\par
float  power_bins_data[power_bins_metadata.actual_bin_count];\par
float sum = 0;\par
const int n = 10;\par
\par
acc_service_status_t service_status = acc_service_activate(handle);\par
\par
for (int i=0 ; i<n ; i++) \{\par
    service_status = acc_service_power_bins_get_next(handle,\par
                                            power_bins_data,\par
                                            power_bins_metadata.actual_bin_count,\par
                                            &result_info);\par
\par
    if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK) \{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
    \}\par
\par
    for (int j=0 ; j < power_bins_metadata.actual_bin_count ; j++) \{\par
        sum += power_bins_data[j];\par
    \}\par
\par
\}\par
\par
service_status = acc_service_deactivate(handle);\par
\par
if (service_status!= ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK) \{\par
    /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
acc_service_destroy(&handle);\par
\par
float noise_level = sum / (n * power_bins_metadata.actual_bin_count);\par
}
\par
The second part detect if an object is present in front of the sensor. It uses the noise level from previous code example as a normalization factor\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_configuration_t configuration;\par
acc_service_handle_t handle;\par
bool object_present = false;\par
\par
configuration = acc_service_power_bins_configuration_create();\par
\par
if (configuration == NULL) \{\par
    /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_set(configuration, 10);\par
\par
acc_sweep_configuration_t sweep_configuration;\par
\par
sweep_configuration = acc_service_get_sweep_configuration(configuration);\par
\par
if (sweep_configuration == NULL) \{\par
    /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
// Update sweep configuration according to project needs\par
\par
handle = acc_service_create(configuration);\par
\par
if (handle == NULL) \{\par
    /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
acc_service_power_bins_configuration_destroy(&configuration);\par
\par
handle = setup_power_bins(disable_transmission);\par
acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata(handle, &power_bins_metadata);\par
\par
float  power_bins_data[power_bins_metadata.actual_bin_count];\par
float sum = 0;\par
const int n = 10;\par
\par
acc_service_status_t service_status = acc_service_activate(handle);\par
\par
for (int i=0 ; i<n ; i++) \{\par
    service_status = acc_service_power_bins_get_next(handle,\par
                                            power_bins_data,\par
                                            power_bins_metadata.actual_bin_count,\par
                                            &result_info);\par
\par
    if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK) \{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
    \}\par
\par
    for (int j=0 ; j < power_bins_metadata.actual_bin_count ; j++) \{\par
        if (radar_data[i] / noise_level > threshold)\{\par
            object_present =  true;\par
        \}\par
    \}\par
\par
\}\par
\par
service_status = acc_service_deactivate(handle);\par
\par
if (service_status!= ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK) \{\par
    /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
acc_service_destroy(&handle);\par
}
 \par
}}
{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid {\tc\tcl2 \v Sparse service}
Sparse service\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHN}
}{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The Sparse Service is one of four services that provides an interface for reading out the radar signal from the Acconeer A111 sensor. The data returned from the sparse service is not further processed and can be used in different types of algorithms such as motion detection algorithms and presence detection. For basic distance measurements, envelope service is a good starting point and the advanced users that needs phase information for detecting very small variations in distance will probably prefer the IQ data service instead of the sparse service.\par
Acconeer also provide several easy to use detectors that are implemented on top of the basic data services. The detectors provide APIs for higher level tasks. A detector utilizing sparse service could be used for presence detection.\par
Acconeer provide an example of how to use the envelope service: {\b example_service_sparse.c}\par
The sparse service is fundamentally different from the other services as it cannot be regarded as a downsampled Envelope or IQ service. Instead of sampling the reflected pulse several times per wavelength (which is ~5 mm), the pulse is sampled roughly every 60 mm. As such, the sparse service should not be used to measure the reflections of static objects. Instead, the sparse service produces a sequence of measurements of the sparsely located sampling points. This allows for detection of any movement, small or large, occurring in front of the sensor at the configured sampling points.\par
The above image illustrates how a single sparse point samples a reflected pulse from a moving target. Due to the movements of the target, the signal from the sparse service varies over time. If the object is static, the signal too will be static, but not necessarily zero.\par
Every data frame from the sparse service consists of a configurable number of sweeps between 1 and 16, which are sampled immediately after each other. Every sweep consists of one or several points sampled in space as configured. The sweeps are, for many applications, sampled closely enough in time that they can be regarded as being sampled simultaneously. In such applications, the sweeps can be averaged for optimal SNR. Note that unlike the other services, there is no pre-processing applied to the data. As pre-processing is not needed, this service is relatively computationally inexpensive.\par
The sparse service is ideal for motion-sensing applications requiring low power consumption. Often, less processing is needed as the sparse service outputs a lot less data than the Envelope or IQ service. Finally, the sparse service utilizes a long pulse, meaning that there will be more energy in the received signal. This also means that a pulse often spans several sparse points.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Sparse Disclaimer} \par}
The Sparse Service will have optimal performance using XM112 Module. A111 with batch number 10467, 10457 or 10178 (also when mounted on XR111 and XR112) should be avoided when using Sparse Service.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 Setting up the service} \par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Initializing the system} \par}
The Radar System Software (RSS) must be activated before any other calls are done to the radar sensor service API. The activation requires a pointer to an {\b acc_hal_t} struct which contains information on the hardware integration and function pointers to hardware driver functions that are needed by RSS. See chapter 4 in the document \'93HAL Integration User Guide\'94 for more information on how to integrate to the driver layer and populate the hal struct.\par
In Acconeer\'92s example integration towards STM32 and the drivers generated by the STM32Cube tool, there is a function acc_hal_integration_get_implementation to obtain the hal struct.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_hal_t hal = acc_hal_integration_get_implementation();\par
\par
if (!acc_rss_activate_with_hal(&hal))\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
The corresponding code looks slightly different in software packages for the Raspberry Pi and other software packages from Acconeer where peripheral drivers for the host are included. The driver layer is first initialized by calling acc_driver_hal_init. The hal struct is then obtained with the function acc_driver_hal_get_implementation.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid if (!acc_driver_hal_init())\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
\par
hal = acc_driver_hal_get_implementation();\par
\par
if (!acc_rss_activate_with_hal(&hal))\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Service API} \par}
All services in the Acconeer API are created and activated in two distinct steps. In the first creation step the configuration settings are evaluated and all necessary resources are allocated. If there is some error in the configuration or if there are not enough resources in the system to run the service, the creation step will fail. However, when the creation is successful you can be sure that the second activation step will not fail due to any configuration or resource issues. When the service is activated the radar is activated and the radar data starts to flow from the sensor to the application.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Sparse service configuration} \par}
Before the sparse service can be created and activated, we must prepare a service configuration. First a configuration is created.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_configuration_t sparse_configuration = acc_service_sparse_configuration_create();\par
\par
if (sparse_configuration == NULL)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
The newly created service configuration contains default settings for all configuration parameters and can be passed directly to the acc_service_create function. However, in most scenarios there is a need to change at least some of the configuration parameters.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Creating service} \par}
After the sparse configuration has been prepared and populated with desired configuration parameters, the actual sparse service instance must be created. During the creation step all configuration parameters are validated and the resources needed by RSS are reserved. This means that if the creation step is successful, we can be sure that it is possible to activate the service and get data from the sensor (unless there is some unexpected hardware error).\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_handle_t handle = acc_service_create(sparse_configuration);\par
\par
if (handle == NULL)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
If the service handle returned from acc_service_create is equal to NULL, then some setting in the configuration made it impossible for the system to create the service. One common reason is that the requested sweep length is too long for the selected profile, but in general, looking for error messages in the log is the best way to find out why a service creation failed.\par
When the service has been created it is possible to get the actual number of samples (data_length) we will get for each sweep. This value can be useful when allocating buffers for storing the sparse data.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_sparse_metadata_t sparse_metadata;\par
acc_service_sparse_get_metadata(handle, &sparse_metadata);\par
\par
uint16_t data[sparse_metadata.data_length];\par
}
\par
It is now also possible to activate the service. This means that the radar sensor starts to do measurements.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_status_t service_status = acc_service_activate(handle);\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Reading Sparse Data from the Sensor} \par}
The easiest way to read the sparse data from the sensor is to call the function acc_service_sparse_get_next. This function blocks until the next sweep arrives from the sensor and the sparse data is then copied to the sparse_data array.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid uint16_t                           data[sparse_metadata.data_length];\par
acc_service_sparse_result_info_t result_info;\par
\par
for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++)\par
\{\par
        service_status = acc_service_sparse_get_next(handle, data, sparse_metadata.data_length, &result_info);\par
        if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK)\par
        \{\par
                /* Handle error */\par
        \}\par
\}\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Deactivating and destroying the service} \par}
Call the acc_service_deactivate function to stop measurements.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid service_status = acc_service_deactivate(handle);\par
if (service_status != ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK)\par
\{\par
        /* Handle error */\par
\}\par
}
\par
After the service has been deactivated it can be activated again to resume measurements or it can be destroyed to free up the resources associated with the service handle.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_destroy(&handle);\par
}
\par
Finally, call acc_rss_deactivate when the application doesn\'92t need to access the Radar System Software anymore. This releases any remaining resources allocated in RSS.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_rss_deactivate();\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl3 How to Interpret the Sparse Data} \par}
The data frame from the Sparse Service should be interpreted as a one-dimensional array with 16 sweeps stored consecutively. The data is very similar to the acquired coherent signal at the receiving antenna on the radar chip. The first datapoint in each sweep corresponds radar signal at distance actual_start_m (see Sect. 6.1) and the last data point to distance actual_start_m + actual_length_m. The data points between correspond to the radar signal between these to distances, sampled approximately 60 mm apart.\par
The data format is unsigned 16 bits integer and the data is centered around approximately 32000, but the center level can differ slightly between sensors.\par
The 16 sweeps are acquired during a relatively short time, so for objects moving with low speed, such as humans sitting or standing, the 16 sweeps should be very similar, deviating from each other only by sensor noise.\par
In the figure below the data in a data frame from the sparse service is plotted. The scanned range is 1 meter resulting in 17 data points (1 meter divided by 60 mm is rounded to 17). The range is scanned 16 times resulting in 272 data points. So, index 0, 17, 34, 51, etc. corresponds to measurement of the closest distance, i.e. \'93actual start\'94, and index 16, 33, 50, 67, etc. corresponds to measurements of the farthest distance, i.e. \'93actual start + actual length\'94. The points in between correspond to measurements of the point in between in range, similar to the IQ and Envelope service.\par
In the center of the range a reflector is present which give rise to the deviation from the mean data level at the center of each sweep. Also, the difference between each sweep in the data frame is very low, suggesting a stationary reflector.\par
Below is an example sparse data frame. Here, each sweep consists of 17 measured distances and there is 16 sweeps in the data frame. The first data point in each sweep is marked in light blue.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Sparse Metadata} \par}
In addition to the array with sparse data samples, a metadata data structure provides side information that can be useful when interpreting the sparse data. This metadata can be retrieved after creating the service. It will not change during operation, so it is only needed to be retrieved once for the created service.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_sparse_metadata_t sparse_metadata;\par
acc_service_sparse_get_metadata(handle, &sparse_metadata);\par
}
\par
The most important member variable in the meta data structure is data_length which holds the length of the sparse data array. For other member variables see {\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Sparse result info} \par}
Result info is another kind of metadata which might change for each retrieved result. Result info is provided at the same time as the resulting array, either when calling get_next() or when a callback is triggered.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid acc_service_sparse_result_info_t result_info;\par
acc_service_sparse_get_next(handle, data, data_length, &result_info);\par
}
\par
The most important member variable is the sensor_communication_error which indicates whether a sensor communication has occurred. For other member variables see {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Deprecated List{\tc \v Deprecated List}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZK}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHO}
Module {\b Motion}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Motion detector is deprecated and it is recommended to use the presence detector\par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Module Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Module Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Modules\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all modules:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Integration\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
OS Integration\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Hardware Integration\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Integration Properties\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Log Integration\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Detectors\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Distance Basic Detector\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Distance Peak Detector\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Motion Detector\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAKV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Obstacle Detector\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Radar System Software, RSS\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAANX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Assembly test\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAOF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Diagnostic test\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Services\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAOT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Generic Service API\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAOU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Envelope Service\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAPI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
IQ Service\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAQD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Power Bins Service\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAARD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Sparse Service\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAARN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Sweep Configuration\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Data Structure Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Data Structure Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Data Structures\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the data structures with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b acc_calibration_context_t} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAATJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAATL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct for a reflection })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAATS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the distance detector })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAATV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reflection struct for the distance detector reflections })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAATY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the distance detector })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAUB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold parameters for non coherent background cancellation })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAUE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each sweep provided by the obstacle detector })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAUK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAUP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Parameter structure for data filtering settings })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAUS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_detector_presence_result_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Presence detector results container })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAUZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_hal_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains the information about the sensor integration that RSS needs })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_int16_complex_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Data type for interger-based representation of complex numbers })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_integration_log_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about log properties and functions needed by RSS })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_integration_os_primitives_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct that contains the implementation of os integration primitives })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_integration_properties_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about board properties that are needed by RSS })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_integration_sensor_device_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains function pointers that point to functions needed for communication with the radar sensor })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_obstacle_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A struct representing a detected obstacle })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The result of an assembly test run })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_service_envelope_metadata_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the envelope service })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the envelope service })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the iq service })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the iq service })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the power bins service })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the power bins service })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the sparse service })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the sparse service })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b acc_version_t} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b input_t} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the distance basic detector })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v File Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
File List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all files with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b include/{\b acc_definitions.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_detector_distance_basic.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_detector_distance_peak.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_detector_motion.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_detector_obstacle.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_detector_presence.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_device.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_log.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_log_integration.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_rss.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_rss_assembly_test.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_rss_diagnostics.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_service.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_service_envelope.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_service_iq.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_service_power_bins.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_service_sparse.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_sweep_configuration.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_types_version.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b include/{\b acc_version.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b acc_detector_distance_basic.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b acc_log_integration.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b acc_service_data_logger.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_assembly_test.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_detector_distance_basic.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAET \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_detector_distance_peak.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_detector_motion.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_detector_obstacle.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_detector_presence.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_service_envelope.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_service_iq.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_service_power_bins.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b example_service_sparse.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b source/{\b ref_app_smart_presence.c} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Module Documentation{\tc \v Module Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
OS Integration\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHP}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration OS primitives. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_integration_os_primitives_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct that contains the implementation of os integration primitives. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_os_thread_id_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_os_mutex * {\b acc_os_mutex_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_os_semaphore * {\b acc_os_semaphore_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_os_thread_handle * {\b acc_os_thread_handle_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_sleep_us_function_t}) (uint32_t time_usec)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sleep microseconds function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void *(* {\b acc_os_mem_alloc_function_t}) (size_t)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a memory allocation function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_mem_free_function_t}) (void *)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a memory free function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef {\b acc_os_thread_id_t}(* {\b acc_os_get_thread_id_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a function to retrieve the current thread id. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_get_time_function_t}) (uint32_t *time_usec)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a time retrival function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef {\b acc_os_mutex_t}(* {\b acc_os_mutex_create_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex creation function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_mutex_lock_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex lock function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_mutex_unlock_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex unlock function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_mutex_destroy_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex destroy function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef {\b acc_os_thread_handle_t}(* {\b acc_os_thread_create_function_t}) (void(*func) (void *param), void *param, const char *name)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread creation function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_thread_exit_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread exit function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_thread_cleanup_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_thread_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread cleanup function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef {\b acc_os_semaphore_t}(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_create_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore create function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef bool(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_wait_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem, uint16_t timeout_ms)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore wait function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_signal_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore signal function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_signal_from_interrupt_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore signal from interrupt function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_destroy_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore destroy function. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration OS primitives. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_os_get_thread_id_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_get_thread_id_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef {\b acc_os_thread_id_t}(* acc_os_get_thread_id_function_t) (void)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a function to retrieve the current thread id. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Optional. \par
}{
Definition at line 90 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_get_time_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_get_time_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_get_time_function_t) (uint32_t *time_usec)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a time retrival function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented by integration, to be replaced by a simple timestamp function. \par
}{
Definition at line 98 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_mem_alloc_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_mem_alloc_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void*(* acc_os_mem_alloc_function_t) (size_t)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a memory allocation function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented by integration. Returning NULL is seen as failure. \par
}{
Definition at line 74 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_mem_free_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_mem_free_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_mem_free_function_t) (void *)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a memory free function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented by integration. \par
}{
Definition at line 82 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_mutex_create_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_mutex_create_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef {\b acc_os_mutex_t}(* acc_os_mutex_create_function_t) (void)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex creation function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. Returning NULL is seen as failure. \par
}{
Definition at line 106 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_mutex_destroy_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_mutex_destroy_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_mutex_destroy_function_t) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex destroy function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. \par
}{
Definition at line 130 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_mutex_lock_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_mutex_lock_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_mutex_lock_function_t) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex lock function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. \par
}{
Definition at line 114 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_mutex_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_mutex_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_os_mutex* {\b acc_os_mutex_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 50 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_mutex_unlock_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_mutex_unlock_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_mutex_unlock_function_t) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex unlock function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. \par
}{
Definition at line 122 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_semaphore_create_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_semaphore_create_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef {\b acc_os_semaphore_t}(* acc_os_semaphore_create_function_t) (void)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore create function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. Returning NULL is seen as failure. \par
}{
Definition at line 166 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_semaphore_destroy_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_semaphore_destroy_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_semaphore_destroy_function_t) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore destroy function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. \par
}{
Definition at line 200 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_semaphore_signal_from_interrupt_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_semaphore_signal_from_interrupt_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_semaphore_signal_from_interrupt_function_t) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore signal from interrupt function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. \par
}{
Definition at line 192 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_semaphore_signal_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_semaphore_signal_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_semaphore_signal_function_t) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore signal function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. \par
}{
Definition at line 184 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_semaphore_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_semaphore_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_os_semaphore* {\b acc_os_semaphore_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAID}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 54 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_semaphore_wait_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_semaphore_wait_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef bool(* acc_os_semaphore_wait_function_t) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem, uint16_t timeout_ms)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore wait function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented when threading is enabled. Return true when the semaphore is signalled. Returning false is assumed to be a timeout. \par
}{
Definition at line 176 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_sleep_us_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_sleep_us_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_sleep_us_function_t) (uint32_t time_usec)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sleep microseconds function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented by integration, shall sleep at least the time requested. \par
}{
Definition at line 66 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_thread_cleanup_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_thread_cleanup_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_thread_cleanup_function_t) ({\b acc_os_thread_handle_t} handle)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread cleanup function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Optionally implemented when threading is enabled, invoked as a synchronization function by the thread that has created another thread. \par
}{
Definition at line 158 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_thread_create_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_thread_create_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef {\b acc_os_thread_handle_t}(* acc_os_thread_create_function_t) (void(*func)(void *param), void *param, const char *name)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread creation function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be implemented to enable threading. If it is not implemented, no threading, mutex, or semaphore function is needed and will not be used. Returning NULL is seen as failure. \par
}{
Definition at line 140 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_thread_exit_function_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_thread_exit_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_os_thread_exit_function_t) (void)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAII}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread exit function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Optionally implemented when threading is enabled, invoked as the last function before a thread exits. \par
}{
Definition at line 149 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_thread_handle_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_thread_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_os_thread_handle* {\b acc_os_thread_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 58 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_os_thread_id_t\:OS Integration}
{\xe \v OS Integration\:acc_os_thread_id_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_os_thread_id_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 46 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Hardware Integration\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Hardware Integration}
{\xe \v Hardware Integration}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIL}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration of Hardware Abstraction Layer for the radar sensor. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_integration_sensor_device_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains function pointers that point to functions needed for communication with the radar sensor. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t}) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor power function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef float(* {\b acc_hal_get_frequency_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a hal get frequency function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_hal_sensor_isr_t}) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor interrupt service routine (ISR) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef bool(* {\b acc_hal_sensor_wait_for_interrupt_function_t}) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id, uint32_t timeout_ms)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a wait for sensor interrupt function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_hal_sensor_transfer_function_t}) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id, uint8_t *buffer, size_t buffer_size)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor transfer function. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration of Hardware Abstraction Layer for the radar sensor. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_hal_get_frequency_function_t\:Hardware Integration}
{\xe \v Hardware Integration\:acc_hal_get_frequency_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef float(* acc_hal_get_frequency_function_t) (void)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a hal get frequency function. }}\par
{
Definition at line 257 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_hal_sensor_isr_t\:Hardware Integration}
{\xe \v Hardware Integration\:acc_hal_sensor_isr_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_hal_sensor_isr_t) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor interrupt service routine (ISR) }}\par
{
Definition at line 263 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t\:Hardware Integration}
{\xe \v Hardware Integration\:acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor power function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
In the case of the power_on function: Any pending sensor interrupts should be cleared before returning from function. \par
}{
Definition at line 251 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_hal_sensor_transfer_function_t\:Hardware Integration}
{\xe \v Hardware Integration\:acc_hal_sensor_transfer_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_hal_sensor_transfer_function_t) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id, uint8_t *buffer, size_t buffer_size)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor transfer function. }}\par
{
Definition at line 285 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_hal_sensor_wait_for_interrupt_function_t\:Hardware Integration}
{\xe \v Hardware Integration\:acc_hal_sensor_wait_for_interrupt_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef bool(* acc_hal_sensor_wait_for_interrupt_function_t) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id, uint32_t timeout_ms)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a wait for sensor interrupt function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function shall wait at most timeout_ms for the interrupt to become active and then return true. It may return true immediately if an interrupt have occurred since last call to this function.\par
If waited more than timeout_ms for the interrupt to become active it shall return false.\par
Note that this function can be called with a timeout_ms = 0. \par
}{
Definition at line 279 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Integration Properties\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Integration Properties}
{\xe \v Integration Properties}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIR}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Driver and board specific properties. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_integration_properties_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about board properties that are needed by RSS. }}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Driver and board specific properties. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Log Integration\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIS}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration for log functionality. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_integration_log_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about log properties and functions needed by RSS. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_log_level_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_log_function_t}) ({\b acc_log_level_t} level, const char *module, const char *buffer)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a log function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_log_level_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_WARNING}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_INFO}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_VERBOSE}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DEBUG}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DIAGNOSTICS}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_MAX}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This enum represents the different log levels for RSS. }}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration for log functionality. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_log_function_t\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:acc_log_function_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_log_function_t) ({\b acc_log_level_t} level, const char *module, const char *buffer)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a log function. }}\par
{
Definition at line 368 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_log_level_t\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:acc_log_level_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_log_level_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 362 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_log_level_enum_t\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:acc_log_level_enum_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_log_level_enum_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This enum represents the different log levels for RSS. }}\par
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR}
{\qr ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIW}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_LEVEL_WARNING\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:ACC_LOG_LEVEL_WARNING}
{\qr ACC_LOG_LEVEL_WARNING{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIX}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_LEVEL_INFO\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:ACC_LOG_LEVEL_INFO}
{\qr ACC_LOG_LEVEL_INFO{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIY}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_LEVEL_VERBOSE\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:ACC_LOG_LEVEL_VERBOSE}
{\qr ACC_LOG_LEVEL_VERBOSE{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIZ}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DEBUG\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DEBUG}
{\qr ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DEBUG{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJA}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DIAGNOSTICS\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DIAGNOSTICS}
{\qr ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DIAGNOSTICS{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJB}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_LEVEL_MAX\:Log Integration}
{\xe \v Log Integration\:ACC_LOG_LEVEL_MAX}
{\qr ACC_LOG_LEVEL_MAX{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJC}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 352 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Integration\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Integration}
{\xe \v Integration}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJD}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Driver and OS Integration. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Modules\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b OS Integration}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration OS primitives. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Hardware Integration}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration of Hardware Abstraction Layer for the radar sensor. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Integration Properties}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Driver and board specific properties. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Log Integration}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Integration for log functionality. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_hal_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains the information about the sensor integration that RSS needs. }}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Driver and OS Integration. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Distance Basic Detector\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Distance Basic Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Basic Detector}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJE}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance basic detector API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct for a reflection. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle} {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Detector handle to be used when getting results after creation. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} * {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_create} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor, float range_start, float range_length)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} **handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_get_reflection} ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} *handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a reflection from the distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance basic detector API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t\:Distance Basic Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Basic Detector\:acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle} {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Detector handle to be used when getting results after creation. }}\par
{
Definition at line 25 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_create\:Distance Basic Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Basic Detector\:acc_detector_distance_basic_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t}* acc_detector_distance_basic_create ({\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor}, float  {\i range_start}, float  {\i range_length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a distance basic detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensor} \cell }{The sensor where the detector will get its result from \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i range_start} \cell }{The start range in meters where the detector will look for reflections \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i range_length} \cell }{The range window length where the detector will look for reflections \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Detector handle, NULL if creation failed \par
}}{
Definition at line 42 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_destroy\:Distance Basic Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Basic Detector\:acc_detector_distance_basic_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_distance_basic_destroy ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} **  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance basic detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The distance basic detector handle reference is set to NULL after destruction. If NULL is sent in, nothing happens.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The detector handle to destroy, will be set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 108 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_get_reflection\:Distance Basic Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Basic Detector\:acc_detector_distance_basic_get_reflection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t} acc_detector_distance_basic_get_reflection ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} *  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a reflection from the distance basic detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after the detector has been created, blocks the application until a result is ready.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The detector handle to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The resulting reflection, if the reflection is 0, somehing went wrong or no reflection was detected \par
}}{
Definition at line 124 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Detectors\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Detectors}
{\xe \v Detectors}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJJ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Radar services provided by Acconeer. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Modules\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Distance Basic Detector}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance basic detector API description. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Distance Peak Detector}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance peak detector API description. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Motion Detector}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Motion detector API description. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Obstacle Detector}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Obstacle detector API description. }}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Radar services provided by Acconeer. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Distance Peak Detector\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJK}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance peak detector API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reflection struct for the distance detector reflections. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the distance detector. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the distance detector. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration * {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_distance_peak_handle * {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS}, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance detector error codes. }}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION}, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR}, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAX}, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_DEFAULT} = ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Predefined profiles allowing fast setup of a distance detector configuration. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} *configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance detector configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_create} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} *handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_activate} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_deactivate} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_is_active} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_get_sweep_configuration} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the distance detector sweep configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_get} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a profile of configuration parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_set} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t} profile)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a profile of configuration parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_get} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_set} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, float factor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_get_next} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t} *reflections, uint_fast16_t *reflection_count, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_get_metadata} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the distance detector metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_fixed} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, uint16_t fix_threshold_value)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold mode to fixed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_provided} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, size_t threshold_context_size, void *threshold_context_data)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold value to the provided one. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_estimation} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold mode to estimation i.e. the distance detector estimates and creates threshold to be used. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_update} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, uint16_t updates_count, float distance_start_m, float distance_end_m)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold estimation update. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_absolute_amplitude} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, bool set_absolute)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set if distance detector should operate on absolute amplitude (otherwise delta amplitude compared to threshold, which is the default behaviour) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_reset} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold estimation reset. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_size} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, size_t *threshold_data_size)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of threshold estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_data} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, size_t threshold_data_size, uint8_t *threshold_data)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the result of a threshold estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sensitivity} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, float sensitivity)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensitivity factor for false detection rate, 0.0 for lowest sensitivity and 1.0 for highest sensitivity. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sort_by_amplitude} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, bool sort_by_amplitude)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sort reflection by amplitude. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance peak detector API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration* {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 61 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_distance_peak_handle* {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 69 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 54 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 39 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_enum_t\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_enum_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_enum_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Predefined profiles allowing fast setup of a distance detector configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A profile configures the RX/TX path in the sensor and sets all other configuration parameters to a predefined value \par
}{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION}
{\qr ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJQ}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR}
{\qr ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJR}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAX\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAX}
{\qr ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAX{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJS}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_DEFAULT\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_DEFAULT}
{\qr ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_DEFAULT{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJT}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 47 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_status_enum_t\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_status_enum_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_enum_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance detector error codes. }}\par
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS}
{\qr ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJV}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE}
{\qr ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJW}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 34 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_activate\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_activate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_activate ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate a distance detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The distance detector handle to activate\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_create\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a distance detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A reference to the distance detector configuration, NULL if creation was not possible \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_destroy\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} *  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance detector configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance detector configuration that is no longer needed, may be done even if a detector has been created with the specific configuration and has not yet been destroyed. The detector configuration reference is set to NULL after destruction.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy, set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_create\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_create ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a distance detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A reference to the distance detector handle. NULL in case of failure \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_deactivate\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_deactivate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_deactivate ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate a distance detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The distance detector handle\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_destroy\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_distance_peak_destroy ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} *  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The distance detector handle \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_get_metadata\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_get_metadata}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_distance_peak_get_metadata ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t} *  {\i metadata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the distance detector metadata. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a distance detector has been created.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The detector handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i metadata} \cell }{Metadata results are provided in this parameter \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_get_next\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_get_next ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t} *  {\i reflections}, uint_fast16_t *  {\i reflection_count}, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the distance detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after the distance detector has been activated to retrieve the next result, blocks the application until a result is ready.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The distance detector handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i reflections} \cell }{Reflection results \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i reflection_count} \cell }{The maximum number reflections as input and the actual number of reflections as output \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{Detection results metadata\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_get_sweep_configuration\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_get_sweep_configuration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_get_sweep_configuration ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the distance detector sweep configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A reference to the sweep configuration, or NULL if an error occurs \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_is_active\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_is_active}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_distance_peak_is_active ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The distance detector handle to check \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if the detector is active, false otherwise \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_get\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_get ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a profile of configuration parameters. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A profile consists of a number of settings for the sensor as well as the sweep setup to allow a quick and easy setup of the distance detector. Most parameters may be specifically set using their own set methods while the sensor specific settings of e.g. transmitted energy and receiver gain are matched to the profile used.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get a profile from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The current profile, ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAX if configuration is invalid \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_set\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_set ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t}  {\i profile})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a profile of configuration parameters. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A profile consists of a number of settings for the sensor as well as the sweep setup to allow a quick and easy setup of the distance detector. Most parameters may be specifically set using their own set methods while the sensor specific settings of e.g. transmitted energy and receiver gain are matched to the profile used.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a profile for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i profile} \cell }{The profile to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_get\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_get ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The running average factor is the factor of which the most recent sweep is weighed against previous sweeps. Valid range is between 0.0 and 1.0 where 0.0 means that no history is weighed in, i.e filtering is effectively disabled. A factor of 1.0 means that the most recent sweep has no effect on the result, which will result in that the first sweep is forever received as the result. The filtering is coherent and is done on complex valued IQ data before conversion to envelope data.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the running average factor for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Running average factor \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_set\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_set ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i factor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The running average factor is the factor of which the most recent sweep is weighed against previous sweeps. Valid range is between 0.0 and 1.0 where 0.0 means that no history is weighed in, i.e filtering is effectively disabled. A factor of 1.0 means that the most recent sweep has no effect on the result, which will result in that the first sweep is forever received as the result. The filtering is coherent and is done on complex valued IQ data before conversion to envelope data.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the running average factor for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i factor} \cell }{The running average factor to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_set_absolute_amplitude\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_set_absolute_amplitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_set_absolute_amplitude ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, bool  {\i set_absolute})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set if distance detector should operate on absolute amplitude (otherwise delta amplitude compared to threshold, which is the default behaviour) }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i set_absolute} \cell }{True if absolute amplitude should be used instead of difference (compared to threshold), false otherwise \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sensitivity\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sensitivity}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sensitivity ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i sensitivity})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensitivity factor for false detection rate, 0.0 for lowest sensitivity and 1.0 for highest sensitivity. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function is optional but, if used, must be called before acc_detector_distance_peak_detect().\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensitivity} \cell }{Sensitivity factor to be set\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sort_by_amplitude\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sort_by_amplitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sort_by_amplitude ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, bool  {\i sort_by_amplitude})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sort reflection by amplitude. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function is optional but, if used, must be called before {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_create()}.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sort_by_amplitude} \cell }{True if reflections should be sorted by amplitude, largest amplitude first\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_estimation\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_estimation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_estimation ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold mode to estimation i.e. the distance detector estimates and creates threshold to be used. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_fixed\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_fixed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_fixed ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, uint16_t  {\i fix_threshold_value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold mode to fixed. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i fix_threshold_value} \cell }{Threshold value\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_provided\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_provided}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_provided ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, size_t  {\i threshold_context_size}, void *  {\i threshold_context_data})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold value to the provided one. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i threshold_context_size} \cell }{The size of the threshold_context_data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i threshold_context_data} \cell }{A reference to a context from a previous threshold estimation\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_data\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_data ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, size_t  {\i threshold_data_size}, uint8_t *  {\i threshold_data})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the result of a threshold estimation. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieves the result of a threshold estimation which is possible to save to a file and use when recreating the distance detector.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i threshold_data_size} \cell }{The size of memory referenced by threshold_data, must be of at least the size provided in acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_size \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i threshold_data} \cell }{The threshold data is stored in this parameter, must be of at least the size provided in acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_size\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_size\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_size}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_size ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, size_t *  {\i threshold_data_size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of threshold estimation data. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieves the size of threshold estimation data to use when retrieving the data.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i threshold_data_size} \cell }{The threshold estimation data size is stored in this parameter\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_reset\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_reset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_reset ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold estimation reset. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Resets contents of any ongoing threshold estimation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_update\:Distance Peak Detector}
{\xe \v Distance Peak Detector\:acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_update}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_update ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, uint16_t  {\i updates_count}, float  {\i distance_start_m}, float  {\i distance_end_m})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold estimation update. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts or updates an already ongoing threshold estimation. It is recommended to use at least 50 updates. The threshold estimation must be called before activating the detector\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The distance detector configuration previously created \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i updates_count} \cell }{The number of updates for the threshold estimation \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i distance_start_m} \cell }{The distance of the first data point[m] \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i distance_end_m} \cell }{The distance of the last data point[m]\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS on success otherwise ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Motion Detector\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKV}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Motion detector API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_motion_configuration * {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_motion_handle * {\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a motion detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} *motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a motion detector configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_motion_create} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a motion detector with the provided configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_motion_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} *motion_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a motion detector identified with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_motion_activate} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} motion_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the motion detector associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_motion_deactivate} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} motion_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the motion detector associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_motion_is_active} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} motion_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_motion_get_next} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} motion_handle, bool *motion_detected)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the motion detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_get_sweep_configuration} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve a sweep configuration from a motion detector configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_get} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sensitivity factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_set} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration, float sensitivity_factor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensitivity factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_get} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get update rate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_set} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration, float update_rate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set update rate. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Motion detector API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Deprecated:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Motion detector is deprecated and it is recommended to use the presence detector\par
}
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_configuration_t\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_motion_configuration* {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 28 of file acc_detector_motion.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_handle_t\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_motion_handle* {\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 35 of file acc_detector_motion.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_activate\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_activate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_motion_activate ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t}  {\i motion_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the motion detector associated with the provided handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_handle} \cell }{The motion detector handle for the motion detector to activate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_configuration_create\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} acc_detector_motion_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a motion detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Motion detector configuration, NULL if creation was not possible \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_configuration_destroy\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_motion_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} *  {\i motion_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a motion detector configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a motion detector configuration that is no longer needed, may be done even if a motion detector has been created with the specific configuration and has not yet been destroyed. The motion detector configuration reference is set to NULL after destruction. If NULL is sent in, nothing happens.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy, set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_configuration_get_sweep_configuration\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_configuration_get_sweep_configuration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} acc_detector_motion_configuration_get_sweep_configuration ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}  {\i motion_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve a sweep configuration from a motion detector configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Do not set sensor_update_rate_hz in {\b acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_streaming_set()}. The behaviour is then undefined. Use {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_set()} instead.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_configuration} \cell }{The motion detector configuration to get a sweep configuration from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Sweep configuration, NULL if the motion detector configuration does not contain a sweep configuration or an error occured \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_get\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_get ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}  {\i motion_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sensitivity factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The sensitivity factor is a number between 0.0 and 1.0 where 0.0 is the least sensitive the detector can be and 1.0 is the most sensitive the detector can be.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the sensitivity factor for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Sensitivity factor \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_set\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_set ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}  {\i motion_configuration}, float  {\i sensitivity_factor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensitivity factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The sensitivity factor is a number between 0.0 and 1.0 where 0.0 is the least sensitive the detector can be and 1.0 is the most sensitive the detector can be.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the sensitivity factor for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensitivity_factor} \cell }{The sensitivity factor \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_get\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_get ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}  {\i motion_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get update rate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The update rate, in Hz, sets how often the motion detector is expected to be asked to provide a result. It is up to the calling application to make sure the detector is asked for a result at the given update rate. Some internal filters are calculated from this update rate and the detector may not work as expected if the actulal timing doesn't match. It is a number larger than 0.0003.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the update rate for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Update rate, on failure it returns 0.0 \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_set\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_set ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}  {\i motion_configuration}, float  {\i update_rate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set update rate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The update rate, in Hz, sets how often the motion detector is expected to be asked to provide a result. It is up to the calling application to make sure the detector is asked for a result at the given update rate. Some internal filters are calculated from this update rate and the detector may not work as expected if the actulal timing doesn't match. It is a number larger than 0.0003.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the update rate for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i update_rate} \cell }{The update rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_create\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} acc_detector_motion_create ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}  {\i motion_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a motion detector with the provided configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Only one motion detector may exist for a specific sensor at any given time and invalid configurations will not allow for motion detector creation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_configuration} \cell }{The motion detector configuration to create a motion detector with \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Motion detector handle, NULL if motion detector was not possible to create \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_deactivate\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_deactivate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_motion_deactivate ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t}  {\i motion_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the motion detector associated with the provided handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_handle} \cell }{The motion detector handle for the motion detector to deactivate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_destroy\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_motion_destroy ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} *  {\i motion_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a motion detector identified with the provided handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy the context of a motion detector allowing another motion detector to be created using the same resources. The motion detector handle reference is set to NULL after destruction. If NULL is sent in, nothing happens.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_handle} \cell }{A reference to the motion detector handle to destroy \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_get_next\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_motion_get_next ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t}  {\i motion_handle}, bool *  {\i motion_detected})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the motion detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a motion detector has been activated to retrieve the next result, blocks the application until a result is ready.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_handle} \cell }{The motion detector handle for the motion detector to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i motion_detected} \cell }{Motion detector result \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_motion_is_active\:Motion Detector}
{\xe \v Motion Detector\:acc_detector_motion_is_active}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_motion_is_active ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t}  {\i motion_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i motion_handle} \cell }{The motion detector handle to check \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if the detector is active, false otherwise \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Obstacle Detector\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALL}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Obstacle detector API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each sweep provided by the obstacle detector. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold parameters for non coherent background cancellation. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_obstacle_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A struct representing a detected obstacle. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_handle * {\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_configuration * {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t}) (const float complex *matrix_row, uint_fast16_t row_length, uint_fast16_t rows_left)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A callback for retrieving the FFT matrix used in the detector algorithm. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle * {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t} \{ {\b ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_COHERENT} = 0, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_NON_COHERENT}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Background cancellation mode. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_create} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_activate} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_deactivate} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_estimate_background} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle, bool *completed, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Estimate background. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle, uint8_t *background_estimation)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get background estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_set} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle, const uint8_t *background_estimation)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set background estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
size_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get_size} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the background estimation buffer. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_get_next} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t} *obstacle_data, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get next sweep from the sensor and process it. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_is_active} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} *handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_radial_velocity_to_degrees} (float speed, float radial_velocity)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Convert angle index to angle in degrees. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_speed} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float speed, bool rescale_highpass_speed)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the max speed of the carrier of the detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_speed} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the max speed of the carrier of the detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_allow_reverse} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, bool allow_reverse)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set if the detector should be able to measure angle for sensors placed backwards compared to speed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_allow_reverse} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get allow reverse status. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_speed_filter_highpass} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float speed_highpass_mask)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the highpass masking for radial speed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_speed_filter_highpass} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the highpass filter cutoff for radial speed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_thresholds} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} *thresholds)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set object thresholds. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_thresholds} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get thresholds for non-coherent background cancellation mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_gain} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float gain)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the receiver gain in the radar sensor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_gain} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the receiver gain in the radar sensor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_start} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float range_start)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the start of the detection range. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_start} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the start of the detection range. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_length} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float range_length)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the length of the detection range counted from range start. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_length} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the length of the detection range counted from range start. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_end_overscan} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float range_end_overscan)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the length of the sweep range beyond the end of the obstacle detection range. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_end_overscan} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the length of the sweep range beyond the end of the obstacle detection range. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sensor} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, {\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor ID on the sensor the detector should run on. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sensor} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor ID. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_cancellation_mode} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t} mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the background cancellation mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_cancellation_mode} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the background cancellation mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_estimation_iterations} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, uint16_t iterations)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the number of iterations that should be done for background estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_estimation_iterations} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the number of iterations that should be collected for background estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_scale} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float background_scale)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the scale factor used in the noncoherent background estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_scale} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the scale factor used in the noncoherent background estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sweep_downsample_scale} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, uint16_t sweep_down_sample_scale)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set downsample scale factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sweep_downsample_scale} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get downsample scale factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_number_of_obstacles} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, uint16_t max_number_of_obstacles)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set max number of obstacles. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_number_of_obstacles} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get max number of obstacles. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_distance_offset} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float distance_offset)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set static distance offset. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_distance_offset} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get static obstacle distance offset. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_edge_to_peak_ratio} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float edge_to_peak_ratio)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the edge detection level ratio for the obstacle distance calculation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_edge_to_peak_ratio} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the edge detection level ratio. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_fft_probe} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t} fft_probe)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set FFT probe. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_fft_probe} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get FFT probe. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} *obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a configuration for an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
size_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_get_size} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, const {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *iq_metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the buffer used in {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
size_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get_size} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the background estimation buffer. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init} (void *buffer, const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, const {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *iq_metadata, float iq_lowpass_cutoff_ratio)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Init an obstacle detector processing instance. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_estimate_background} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *iq_data, bool *completed)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Estimate background. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle, uint8_t *background_estimation)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get background estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_set} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle, const uint8_t *background_estimation)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set background estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_next} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *iq_data, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t} *obstacle_data, bool *data_available)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Process sensor data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_radial_velocity_to_degrees} (float speed, float radial_velocity)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Convert radial velocity to angle in degrees. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_calculate_sweep_frequency} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Calculate sweep frequency for a configuration. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Obstacle detector API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Obstacle processing API description.\par
Obstacle detector configuration API description.\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_configuration* {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 28 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_handle* {\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 42 of file acc_detector_obstacle.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void(* acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t) (const float complex *matrix_row, uint_fast16_t row_length, uint_fast16_t rows_left)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A callback for retrieving the FFT matrix used in the detector algorithm. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The FFT matrix is reported row by row starting with the top row. This row represents the area farthest away from the sensor.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i matrix_row} \cell }{A pointer to a row in the matrix \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i row_length} \cell }{The length of the row. The row length never varies for a created detector. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i rows_left} \cell }{Rows left to be reported within the same matrix \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 79 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle* {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 30 of file acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Background cancellation mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Coherent background: This method uses background cancellation per sweep, i.e., an average complex background sweep is substracted from each sweep collected before running the FFT. Non-coherent background: This method uses background cancellation on the calculated FFT envelope, i.e., an average FFT envelope is substracted from each running FFT.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid : The background estimation is performed in accordance with the selected cancellation mode \par
}}{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_COHERENT\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_COHERENT}
{\qr ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_COHERENT{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALR}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_NON_COHERENT\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_NON_COHERENT}
{\qr ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_NON_COHERENT{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALS}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 43 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_activate\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_activate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_activate ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate an obstacle detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate an obstacle detector associated by handle. Use acc_detector_obstacle_get_next to retrieve obstacles.\par
Activating an already activated detector has no effect and true will be returned.\par
If handle is a nullpointer the activation will fail and return false.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{A handle for a detector to be activated \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if activation succeeded otherwise false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}  {\i handle}, uint8_t *  {\i background_estimation})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get background estimation data. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i background_estimation} \cell }{Buffer used for background estimation data. Must be at least {\b acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get_size()} bytes long.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get_size\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get_size}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
size_t acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get_size ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the background estimation buffer. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{Obstacle handle \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Size of the buffer needed \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_set\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_set ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}  {\i handle}, const uint8_t *  {\i background_estimation})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set background estimation data. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Background estimation data will be copied to detector. NOTE! Use same configuration as when the background estimation data was saved.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i background_estimation} \cell }{The background estimation data to be used.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_create\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an obstacle detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A default configuration, if creation was not possible, a nullpointer is returned. \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_destroy\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} *  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a configuration for an obstacle detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_allow_reverse\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_allow_reverse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_allow_reverse (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get allow reverse status. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Allow reverse status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_cancellation_mode\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_cancellation_mode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t} acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_cancellation_mode (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the background cancellation mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
See {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t}\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the the background cancellation mode for \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_estimation_iterations\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_estimation_iterations}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_estimation_iterations (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the number of iterations that should be collected for background estimation. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The number of background estimation iterations to use \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_scale\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_scale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_scale ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the scale factor used in the noncoherent background estimation. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value to be used in noncoherent background estimation \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_distance_offset\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_distance_offset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_distance_offset (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get static obstacle distance offset. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This offset represents an empirically determined static distance erro. It is subtracted from the reported distance for every obstacle.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The offset in meters to be added to reported obstacle distances \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_edge_to_peak_ratio\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_edge_to_peak_ratio}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_edge_to_peak_ratio ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAME}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the edge detection level ratio. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
See {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_edge_to_peak_ratio} for a functional description of the returned parameter.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value of the edge detection level ratio \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_fft_probe\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_fft_probe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t} acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_fft_probe (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get FFT probe. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
see acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_fft_probe\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The fft probe \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_gain\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_gain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_gain (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the receiver gain in the radar sensor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the gain\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The gain \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_number_of_obstacles\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_number_of_obstacles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_number_of_obstacles (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get max number of obstacles. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The detector will never detect more obstacles than max_number_of_obstacles\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the max number of obstacles for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The max number of obstacles to be detected \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_speed\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_speed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_speed (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the max speed of the carrier of the detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the max speed for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The maximum speed \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_end_overscan\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_end_overscan}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_end_overscan (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the length of the sweep range beyond the end of the obstacle detection range. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
There is a need for extending the sweep range slightly beyond the obstacle detection for detection of obstacles close the end of the obstacle detection range. The sweep end overscan parameter sets added sweep length.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the range_end for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The range end overscan in meter \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_length\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_length}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_length (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the length of the detection range counted from range start. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The detector will not detect objects beyond this range.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the range_end for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The length of the range in meter \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_start\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_start (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAML}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the start of the detection range. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The detector will not detect objects closer to the sensor than this range.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the range_start for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The start of the range in meter \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sensor\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sensor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sensor (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor ID. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the sensor for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The sensor id \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_speed_filter_highpass\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_speed_filter_highpass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_speed_filter_highpass (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the highpass filter cutoff for radial speed. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Objects that have a radial speed towards the sensor lower than he highpass masking speed are not reported in the output. A zero input value deactivates the filter.\par
The filter mask value represents the center of a maximally sharp transition from zero output amplitude to unchanged ouput amplitude.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the frequency for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The current filter cutoff value as radial speed in meter per second. A zero value means that the filter is deactivated. \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sweep_downsample_scale\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sweep_downsample_scale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sweep_downsample_scale (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get downsample scale factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
see acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sweep_downsample_scale\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid sweep_down_sample_scale The sweep downsample scale \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_thresholds\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_thresholds}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_thresholds (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get thresholds for non-coherent background cancellation mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
see {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_thresholds}\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the threshold for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The thresholds, see {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_allow_reverse\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_allow_reverse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_allow_reverse ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, bool  {\i allow_reverse})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set if the detector should be able to measure angle for sensors placed backwards compared to speed. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the allow_reverse for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i allow_reverse} \cell }{True, enable to measure angle of objects moving away from sensor. False, enable for higher speed at lower sweep frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_cancellation_mode\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_cancellation_mode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_cancellation_mode ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t}  {\i mode})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the background cancellation mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
See {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t}\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the the background cancellation mode for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i mode} \cell }{TBD \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_estimation_iterations\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_estimation_iterations}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_estimation_iterations ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, uint16_t  {\i iterations})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the number of iterations that should be done for background estimation. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the the number of background estimation iterations for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i iterations} \cell }{The number of background estimation iterations to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_scale\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_scale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_scale ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i background_scale})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the scale factor used in the noncoherent background estimation. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration that the setting shall be applied to \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i background_scale} \cell }{The value to be used for noncoherent background estimation \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_distance_offset\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_distance_offset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_distance_offset ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i distance_offset})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set static distance offset. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This offset represents an empirically determined static distance erro. It is subtracted from the reported distance for every obstacle.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the distance offset for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i distance_offset} \cell }{The offset in meters to be used \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_edge_to_peak_ratio\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_edge_to_peak_ratio}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_edge_to_peak_ratio ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i edge_to_peak_ratio})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the edge detection level ratio for the obstacle distance calculation. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This configuration parameter controls the level used for edge detection for a found obstacle. The value should be in the range from 0 to 1. The obstacle distance is calculated from the near edge of the peak where the signal amplitude crosses a threshold. This threshold is given by the ratio parameter times the peak amplitude unless this product is lower than the detection threshold set by {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_thresholds} or {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_thresholds}. In the latter case, the detection threshold is used. A zero value of the ratio parameter ignores the peak level and the reported peak distance tells the position of the near edge of the peak where the amplitude crosses the peak detection threshold. A value of 1 cuts the edge-detection procedure short and reports the peak position.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration that the setting shall be applied to \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i edge_to_peak_ratio} \cell }{The value to be used for the edge to peak level ratio \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_fft_probe\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_fft_probe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_fft_probe ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t}  {\i fft_probe})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set FFT probe. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set to NULL if not needed\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the fft probe for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i fft_probe} \cell }{The fft probe to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_gain\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_gain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_gain ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i gain})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the receiver gain in the radar sensor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the gain \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i gain} \cell }{The gain to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_number_of_obstacles\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_number_of_obstacles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_number_of_obstacles ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, uint16_t  {\i max_number_of_obstacles})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set max number of obstacles. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The detector will never detect more obstacles than max_number_of_obstacles\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the max number of obstacles for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i max_number_of_obstacles} \cell }{The max number of obstacles to be detected \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_speed\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_speed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_speed ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i speed}, bool  {\i rescale_highpass_speed})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the max speed of the carrier of the detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the max speed for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i speed} \cell }{The max speed in meter per second \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i rescale_highpass_speed} \cell }{The speed_highpass_mask is updated in proportion to the change of the speed if this parameter is true and the previous speed setting is nonzero. Otherwise, speed_highpass_mask is unaltered. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_end_overscan\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_end_overscan}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_end_overscan ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i range_end_overscan})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the length of the sweep range beyond the end of the obstacle detection range. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
There is a need for extending the sweep range slightly beyond the obstacle detection for detection of obstacles close the end of the obstacle detection range. The sweep end overscan parameter sets added sweep length.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the range_end for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i range_end_overscan} \cell }{The range end overscan in meter \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_length\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_length}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_length ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i range_length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the length of the detection range counted from range start. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The detector will not detect objects beyond this range.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the range_end for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i range_length} \cell }{The length of the range in meter \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_start\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_start ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i range_start})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the start of the detection range. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The detector will not detect objects closer to the sensor than this range.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the range_start for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i range_start} \cell }{The start of the range in meter \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sensor\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sensor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sensor ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, {\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAND}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor ID on the sensor the detector should run on. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the sensor for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i sensor} \cell }{The sensor id to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_speed_filter_highpass\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_speed_filter_highpass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_speed_filter_highpass ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, float  {\i speed_highpass_mask})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the highpass masking for radial speed. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Objects that have a radial speed towards the sensor lower than he highpass masking speed are not reported in the output. A zero input value deactivates the filter.\par
The filter mask value represents the center of a maximally sharp transition from zero output amplitude to unchanged ouput amplitude.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set filter cutoff for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i speed_highpass_mask} \cell }{The mask transition value as radial speed in meter per second. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sweep_downsample_scale\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sweep_downsample_scale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sweep_downsample_scale ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, uint16_t  {\i sweep_down_sample_scale})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set downsample scale factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A higher downsample scale will downsample the data more. A high downsample scale will result in less memory usage at resolution cost.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the sweep downsample scale for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i sweep_down_sample_scale} \cell }{The sweep downsample scale \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_thresholds\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_thresholds}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_thresholds ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} *  {\i thresholds})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set object thresholds. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set thresholds to distinguish objects from noise. The thresholds are applied after background cancellation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the thresholds for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i thresholds} \cell }{The threshold settings, see {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_create\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} acc_detector_obstacle_create (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create an obstacle detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to create the detector with \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A handle for the created detector or a nullpointer if creation failed \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_deactivate\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_deactivate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_deactivate ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate an obstacle detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate an obstacle detector associated by the handle.\par
Deactivating an already deactivated detector has no effect and true will be returned. If handle is a nullpointer the activation will fail and return false.\par
If the deactivation fails other than if the handle is a nullpointer, the system is in an undefined state and further activation of detectors and services should be avoided in the same session.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{A handle for a detector to be deactivated \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if deactivation succeed otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_destroy\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_obstacle_destroy ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} *  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an obstacle detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an obstacle detector associated with handle. The handle becomes invalid and is set to NULL.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{A handle for a detector that will be destroyed \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_estimate_background\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_estimate_background}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_estimate_background ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}  {\i handle}, bool *  {\i completed}, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Estimate background. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This fetches one sweep from the sensor and use it to estimate the background. This assumes that there are no obstacles in front of the sensor.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The obstacle detector handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i completed} \cell }{true when background estimation is finished \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{The result info for the sweep\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_get_next\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_get_next ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t} *  {\i obstacle_data}, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get next sweep from the sensor and process it. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after an obstacle detector has been activated to retrieve the next result, blocks the application until a sweep is ready. Not every call to this function will generate obstacle information, the result_info->data_available indicates this.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The obstacle detector handle for the obstacle detector to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i obstacle_data} \cell }{Information about detected obstacles that is going to be sent to the user. note that this is only valid if result_info->data_available is set to true \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{The result info for the last sweep\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_is_active\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_is_active}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_is_active ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The obstacle detector handle to check \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if the detector is active, false otherwise \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}  {\i handle}, uint8_t *  {\i background_estimation})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get background estimation data. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i background_estimation} \cell }{Buffer used for background estimation data. Must be at least {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get_size()} bytes long.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get_size\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get_size}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
size_t acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get_size (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}  {\i handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the background estimation buffer. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{Obstacle handle \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Size of the buffer needed \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_set\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_set ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}  {\i handle}, const uint8_t *  {\i background_estimation})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set background estimation data. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Data will be copied to detector\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i background_estimation} \cell }{The background estimation data to be used.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_calculate_sweep_frequency\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_calculate_sweep_frequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_processing_calculate_sweep_frequency ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Calculate sweep frequency for a configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{Obstacle detector configuration \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Sweep frequency \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_estimate_background\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_estimate_background}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_processing_estimate_background ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *  {\i iq_data}, bool *  {\i completed})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Estimate background. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function process the iq_data assuming that the data is captured without any obstacles. The data is used to estimate the background and will later be used to increase accuracy of the detection algorithm.\par
This function should be called repeatedly with new IQ data until completed is set to true.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i iq_data} \cell }{IQ Data to be processed \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i completed} \cell }{true when background estimation is finished\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_get_size\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_get_size}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
size_t acc_detector_obstacle_processing_get_size (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, const {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *  {\i iq_metadata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the buffer used in {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init()} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to use \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i iq_metadata} \cell }{The IQ metadata\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The size of the buffer needed for {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init (void *  {\i buffer}, const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i obstacle_configuration}, const {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *  {\i iq_metadata}, float  {\i iq_lowpass_cutoff_ratio})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Init an obstacle detector processing instance. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i buffer} \cell }{The buffer used to initialize, must be at least {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_get_size()} bytes long and suitably aligned for any built-in type. This buffer must remain valid as long the handle returned is used. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i obstacle_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to use \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i iq_metadata} \cell }{The IQ metadata \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i iq_lowpass_cutoff_ratio} \cell }{The ratio between the spatial cutoff frequency and the IQ-data sampling density for the depth domain lowpass filter\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A handle for the initialized obstacle processing or a NULL if initialization failed or buffer was NULL \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_next\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_processing_next ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *  {\i iq_data}, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t} *  {\i obstacle_data}, bool *  {\i data_available})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Process sensor data. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function process the iq_data and tries to find obstacles. If the processing is completed and the obstacle_data is valid, data_available is set to true, otherwise more iq_data is needed and should be provided in more calls to this functions.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The handle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i iq_data} \cell }{IQ Data to be processed \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i obstacle_data} \cell }{Information about detected obstacles that is going to be sent to the user \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data_available} \cell }{true if new obstacle data was available in obstacle_data\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_processing_radial_velocity_to_degrees\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_processing_radial_velocity_to_degrees}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_processing_radial_velocity_to_degrees (float  {\i speed}, float  {\i radial_velocity})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Convert radial velocity to angle in degrees. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The radial velocity will be converted to the actual angle in degrees.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i speed} \cell }{The current speed \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i radial_velocity} \cell }{Radial velocity of obstacle {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid           obstacle\par
         _____o\par
         |   /\par
   speed |  / radial_velocity\par
         | /\par
         |/\par
         o\par
      sensor\par
}
\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Angle in degrees \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_radial_velocity_to_degrees\:Obstacle Detector}
{\xe \v Obstacle Detector\:acc_detector_obstacle_radial_velocity_to_degrees}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_radial_velocity_to_degrees (float  {\i speed}, float  {\i radial_velocity})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Convert angle index to angle in degrees. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The angle index will be converted to the actual angle in degrees. This depends on the assigned max speed and the current speed.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i speed} \cell }{The current speed \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i radial_velocity} \cell }{Radial velocity of obstacle \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Angle in degrees \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Radar System Software, RSS\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Radar System Software, RSS}
{\xe \v Radar System Software, RSS}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANX}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Modules\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Assembly test}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
RSS Assembly test. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Diagnostic test}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
RSS Diagnostic test. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_activate} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_activate_with_hal} ({\b acc_hal_t} *{\b hal})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS, with HAL. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_deactivate} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b acc_rss_version} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the Acconeer RSS version. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_calibration_context_get} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor, {\b acc_calibration_context_t} *calibration_context)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor calibration context. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_calibration_context_set} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor, {\b acc_calibration_context_t} *calibration_context)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a previously saved sensor calibration context and verify that the sensor calibration context is valid. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_calibration_reset} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reset a calibration done on the specific sensor (or remove a previously set calibration context) }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_rss_activate\:Radar System Software, RSS}
{\xe \v Radar System Software, RSS\:acc_rss_activate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_rss_activate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The call to this function must only be made from one thread. After this, full thread safety across all Acconeer services is guaranteed.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Function will in future look like: acc_rss_activate(acc_hal_t *hal). Activation using acc_rss_activate_with_hal is preferred until signature change is done.\par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if RSS is activated \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_activate_with_hal\:Radar System Software, RSS}
{\xe \v Radar System Software, RSS\:acc_rss_activate_with_hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_rss_activate_with_hal ({\b acc_hal_t} *  {\i hal})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS, with HAL. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The call to this function must only be made from one thread. After this, full thread safety across all Acconeer services is guaranteed.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if RSS is activated \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_calibration_context_get\:Radar System Software, RSS}
{\xe \v Radar System Software, RSS\:acc_rss_calibration_context_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_rss_calibration_context_get ({\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor}, {\b acc_calibration_context_t} *  {\i calibration_context})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor calibration context. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be called after RSS has been activated. A calibration will be done for the specific sensor. A successful call to this function will also trigger context reset.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensor} \cell }{The sensor to get the context for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i calibration_context} \cell }{Reference to struct where the context will be stored \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, false otherwise \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_calibration_context_set\:Radar System Software, RSS}
{\xe \v Radar System Software, RSS\:acc_rss_calibration_context_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_rss_calibration_context_set ({\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor}, {\b acc_calibration_context_t} *  {\i calibration_context})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a previously saved sensor calibration context and verify that the sensor calibration context is valid. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be called after RSS has been activated. No active service is allowed on the sensor when setting the context. If this function is successfully called, a new sensor calibration will not be done during service creation step.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensor} \cell }{The sensor to set the context on \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i calibration_context} \cell }{The calibration context to set\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, false otherwise \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_calibration_reset\:Radar System Software, RSS}
{\xe \v Radar System Software, RSS\:acc_rss_calibration_reset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_rss_calibration_reset ({\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reset a calibration done on the specific sensor (or remove a previously set calibration context) }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No active service is allowed on the sensor when resetting the calibration If this function is successfully called, a new sensor calibration will be done during service creation step.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensor} \cell }{The sensor to reset the calibration on\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, false otherwise \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_deactivate\:Radar System Software, RSS}
{\xe \v Radar System Software, RSS\:acc_rss_deactivate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_rss_deactivate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS. }}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_rss_version\:Radar System Software, RSS}
{\xe \v Radar System Software, RSS\:acc_rss_version}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
const char* acc_rss_version (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the Acconeer RSS version. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Version \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Assembly test\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOF}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
RSS Assembly test. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The result of an assembly test run. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration * {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an assembly test run. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} *configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an assembly test configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_set} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor id. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_get} (const {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor id that is configured. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_read_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_write_read_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_interrupt_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_supply_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_clock_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the clock test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_assembly_test} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} test_configuration, {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t} *test_results, uint16_t *nr_of_test_results)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run assembly test. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
RSS Assembly test. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration* {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 39 of file acc_rss_assembly_test.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_rss_assembly_test ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}  {\i test_configuration}, {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t} *  {\i test_results}, uint16_t *  {\i nr_of_test_results})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run assembly test. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function executes a suite of tests suitable for customer assembly testing.\par
The caller need to allocate an array of assembly test results of at least the size of ACC_RSS_ASSEMBLY_TEST_MAX_NUMBER_OF_TESTS. The array size is to be provided in the nr_of_test_results parameter. If the size is not sufficiently large the test will fail.\par
If a test fails to execute the return value will be set to false. If a test cannot pass its test limits the test_passed member of test_results will be set to false but the return value of this function will still be true.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i test_configuration} \cell }{The test configuration \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i test_results} \cell }{Reference to struct where the test results will be stored \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i nr_of_test_results} \cell }{Input is the maximum number of items in the results array. Output is the actual number of test results available after the execution of the tests. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successfully run, false otherwise \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_clock_test_disable\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_clock_test_disable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_clock_test_disable ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the clock test. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{An assembly test configuration \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_interrupt_test_disable\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_interrupt_test_disable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_interrupt_test_disable ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{An assembly test configuration \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_read_test_disable\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_read_test_disable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_read_test_disable ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{An assembly test configuration \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_write_read_test_disable\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_write_read_test_disable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_write_read_test_disable ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{An assembly test configuration \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_create\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an assembly test run. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid An assembly test configuration, NULL if creation was not possible \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_destroy\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} *  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAON}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAON}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an assembly test configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The assembly test configuration reference is set to NULL after destruction.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy, set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_get\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_get (const {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor id that is configured. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{An assembly test configuration \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Sensor id \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_set\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_set ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, {\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor_id})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor id. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{An assembly test configuration \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensor_id} \cell }{The sensor id to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_supply_test_disable\:Assembly test}
{\xe \v Assembly test\:acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_supply_test_disable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_supply_test_disable ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{An assembly test configuration \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Diagnostic test\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Diagnostic test}
{\xe \v Diagnostic test}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOR}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
RSS Diagnostic test. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_diagnostic_test} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run diagnostic test. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
RSS Diagnostic test. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_rss_diagnostic_test\:Diagnostic test}
{\xe \v Diagnostic test\:acc_rss_diagnostic_test}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_rss_diagnostic_test ({\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor_id})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run diagnostic test. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function executes a suite of tests suitable for customer diagnostic testing.\par
If a test fails to execute the return value will be set to false.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensor_id} \cell }{The sensor to run diagnostic test on \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successfully run, false otherwise \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Services\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Services}
{\xe \v Services}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOT}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Radar services provided by Acconeer. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Modules\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Generic Service API}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generic service API description. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Envelope Service}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Envelope service API description. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b IQ Service}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
IQ Service API description. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Power Bins Service}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Power Bins service API description. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Sparse Service}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sparse service API description. }}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Radar services provided by Acconeer. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Experimental {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid      In our code you might encounter features tagged \'93experimental\'94.\par
     This means that the feature in question is an early version that has a\par
     limited test scope, and the API and/or functionality might change in\par
     upcoming releases.\par
\par
     The intention is to let users try these features out and we appreciate\par
     feedback.}
\par
}\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Generic Service API\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOU}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generic service API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_status_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_service_configuration * {\b acc_service_configuration_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_service_handle * {\b acc_service_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_service_status_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_FAILURE_UNSPECIFIED}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Return status for service methods. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
char * {\b acc_service_status_name_get} ({\b acc_service_status_t} status)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Return a string with a service status name. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_handle_t} {\b acc_service_create} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a service with the provided configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_activate} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the service associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_deactivate} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the service associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_destroy} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} *service_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a service identified with the provided service handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_get_sweep_configuration} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve a sweep configuration from a service configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_service_is_service_active} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Check if the status of a service is active or not. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generic service API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_configuration_t\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_configuration_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_service_configuration* {\b acc_service_configuration_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 49 of file acc_service.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_service_handle_t\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_service_handle* {\b acc_service_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 56 of file acc_service.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_service_status_t\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_status_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_status_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 42 of file acc_service.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_status_enum_t\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_status_enum_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_service_status_enum_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Return status for service methods. }}\par
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOZ}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_FAILURE_UNSPECIFIED\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_FAILURE_UNSPECIFIED}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_FAILURE_UNSPECIFIED{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPA}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 37 of file acc_service.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_activate\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_activate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_activate ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i service_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the service associated with the provided handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to activate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_create\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_handle_t} acc_service_create ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a service with the provided configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Only one service may exist for a specific sensor at any given time and invalid configurations will not allow for service creation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The service configuration to create a service with \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service handle, NULL if service was not possible to create \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_deactivate\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_deactivate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_deactivate ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i service_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the service associated with the provided handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to deactivate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_destroy\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_destroy ({\b acc_service_handle_t} *  {\i service_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a service identified with the provided service handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy the context of a service allowing another service to be created using the same resources. The service handle reference is set to NULL after destruction.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_handle} \cell }{A reference to the service handle to destroy \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_get_sweep_configuration\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_get_sweep_configuration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} acc_service_get_sweep_configuration ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve a sweep configuration from a service configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The service configuration to get a sweep configuration from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Sweep configuration, NULL if the service configuration does not contain a sweep configuration \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_is_service_active\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_is_service_active}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_is_service_active ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i service_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Check if the status of a service is active or not. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to check the status for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if the service is active, false otherwise \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_status_name_get\:Generic Service API}
{\xe \v Generic Service API\:acc_service_status_name_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
char* acc_service_status_name_get ({\b acc_service_status_t}  {\i status})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Return a string with a service status name. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i status} \cell }{The service status to get the name for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Status string \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Envelope Service\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPI}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Envelope service API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the envelope service. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the envelope service. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_envelope_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const uint16_t *data, const {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an envelope callback function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DIRECT_LEAKAGE}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAX}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DEFAULT} = ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Predefined profiles allowing fast setup of an envelope configuration. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_envelope_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an envelope service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an envelope configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t} {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a profile of configuration parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t} profile)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a profile of configuration parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get compensate phase flag. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, bool compensate_phase)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set compensate phase flag. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, float factor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_envelope_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_envelope_callback_t} *envelope_callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive envelope results. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_get_metadata} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_service_envelope_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_envelope_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_envelope_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Envelope service API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_envelope_callback_t\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_envelope_callback_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void() acc_envelope_callback_t(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const uint16_t *data, const {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an envelope callback function. }}\par
{
Definition at line 69 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_profile_t\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_profile_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 39 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_profile_enum_t\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_profile_enum_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_enum_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Predefined profiles allowing fast setup of an envelope configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A profile configures the RX/TX path in the sensor and sets all other configuration parameters to a predefined value\par
DIRECT_LEAKAGE is an experimental profile \par
}{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPM}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPN}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DIRECT_LEAKAGE\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DIRECT_LEAKAGE}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DIRECT_LEAKAGE{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPO}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAX\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAX}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAX{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPP}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DEFAULT\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DEFAULT}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DEFAULT{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPQ}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 31 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_get\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get compensate phase flag. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The compensate phase flag indicates whether a phase compensation is done during filtering of data. Using phase compensation results in more stable data but can suppress detection of fast moving reflections. The default is on.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the compensate phase flag for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The current value of the flag \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_set\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, bool  {\i compensate_phase})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set compensate phase flag. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The compensate phase flag indicates whether a phase compensation is done during filtering of data. Using phase compensation results in more stable data but can suppress detection of fast moving reflections. The default is on.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the compensate phase flag for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i compensate_phase} \cell }{The compensate phase flag to set, true to use phase compensation, false otherwise \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_configuration_create\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} acc_service_envelope_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an envelope service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service configuration, NULL if creation was not possible \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_configuration_destroy\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_envelope_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an envelope configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an envelope configuration that is no longer needed, may be done even if a service has been created with the specific configuration and has not yet been destroyed. The service configuration reference is set to NULL after destruction.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy, set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_envelope_callback_set\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_envelope_callback_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_envelope_envelope_callback_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, {\b acc_envelope_callback_t} *  {\i envelope_callback}, void *  {\i user_reference})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive envelope results. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a callback is used, envelope results are indicated by calling the function that is set. Within the callback it is only allowed to copy the data to a application memory to allow the best possible service execution. Setting the callback as NULL disables callback operation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a callback for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i envelope_callback} \cell }{The callback function to set \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i user_reference} \cell }{A user chosen reference that will be provided when calling the callback \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_execute_once\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_execute_once}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_envelope_execute_once ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, uint16_t *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activates service, produces one result and then deactivates the service. Blocks the application until a service result has been produced. Will not work if a callback has been set and may fail if the service is already active.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to execute \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{Envelope result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{Envelope result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_get_metadata\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_get_metadata}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_envelope_get_metadata ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_service_envelope_metadata_t} *  {\i metadata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been created.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get metadata for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i metadata} \cell }{Metadata results are provided in this parameter \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_get_next\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_envelope_get_next ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, uint16_t *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been activated to retrieve the next result, blocks the application until a result is ready. It is not possible to use this blocking call and callbacks simultaneously.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{Envelope result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{Envelope result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_profile_get\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_profile_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t} acc_service_envelope_profile_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a profile of configuration parameters. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A profile consists of a number of settings for the sensor as well as the sweep setup to allow a quick and easy setup of a service. Most parameters may be specifically set using their own set methods while the sensor specific settings of e.g. transmitted energy and receiver gain are matched to the profile used.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get a profile for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The current profile, ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAX if configuration is invalid \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_profile_set\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_profile_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_envelope_profile_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t}  {\i profile})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a profile of configuration parameters. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A profile consists of a number of settings for the sensor as well as the sweep setup to allow a quick and easy setup of a service. Most parameters may be specifically set using their own set methods while the sensor specific settings of e.g. transmitted energy and receiver gain are matched to the profile used.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a profile for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i profile} \cell }{The profile to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_get\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The running average factor is the factor of which the most recent sweep is weighed against previous sweeps. Valid range is between 0.0 and 1.0 where 0.0 means that no history is weighed in, i.e filtering is effectively disabled. A factor of 1.0 means that the most recent sweep has no effect on the result, which will result in that the first sweep is forever received as the result. The filtering is coherent and is done on complex valued IQ data before conversion to envelope data.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the running average factor for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Running average factor \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_set\:Envelope Service}
{\xe \v Envelope Service\:acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, float  {\i factor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The running average factor is the factor of which the most recent sweep is weighed against previous sweeps. Valid range is between 0.0 and 1.0 where 0.0 means that no history is weighed in, i.e filtering is effectively disabled. A factor of 1.0 means that the most recent sweep has no effect on the result, which will result in that the first sweep is forever received as the result. The filtering is coherent and is done on complex valued IQ data before conversion to envelope data.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the running average factor for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i factor} \cell }{The running average factor to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
IQ Service\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQD}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
IQ Service API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the iq service. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the iq service. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_iq_float_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const float complex *data, const {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an iq callback function providing iq data as float (complex) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_iq_int16_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *data, const {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an iq callback function providing iq data as with real and imaginary components of int16 type. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_A}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_B}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sampling mode. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_iq_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an iq service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an iq configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the cutoff for the lowpass filter in the distance domain. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, float cutoff_ratio)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the cutoff for the lowpass filter in the distance domain. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, float factor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t} {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sampling mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t} sampling_mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sampling mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_service_iq_stepsize_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor stepsize. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_stepsize_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, uint16_t stepsize)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor stepsize. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_iq_float_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_iq_float_callback_t} *callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive iq results in iq float complex format. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_iq_int16_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_iq_int16_callback_t} *callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive iq results in iq int16 complex format. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_blocking_float_output_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Configure the service in blocking mode with float complex output. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_blocking_int16_output_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Configure the service in blocking mode with int16 complex output. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_get_metadata} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_iq_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, float complex *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_iq_int16_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_iq_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, float complex *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_iq_int16_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
IQ Service API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_iq_float_callback_t\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_iq_float_callback_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void() acc_iq_float_callback_t(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const float complex *data, const {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an iq callback function providing iq data as float (complex) }}\par
{
Definition at line 66 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_iq_int16_callback_t\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_iq_int16_callback_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void() acc_iq_int16_callback_t(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *data, const {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an iq callback function providing iq data as with real and imaginary components of int16 type. }}\par
{
Definition at line 73 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 36 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_enum_t\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_enum_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_enum_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sampling mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The sampling mode corresponds to how point averages are taken. With mode A, averaging is done directly in hardware by repeatedly sampling the same point. With mode B, the averaging is done manually with a special measurement loop. By doing so, a higher SNR is obtained in some situations. \par
}{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_A\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_A}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_A{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQI}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_B\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_B}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_B{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQJ}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 31 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_blocking_float_output_set\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_blocking_float_output_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_blocking_float_output_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Configure the service in blocking mode with float complex output. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Call {\b acc_service_iq_get_next} to retrieve the output data from this mode.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a callback for \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_blocking_int16_output_set\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_blocking_int16_output_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_blocking_int16_output_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Configure the service in blocking mode with int16 complex output. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Call {\b acc_service_iq_int16_get_next} to retrieve the output data from this mode.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a callback for \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_configuration_create\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} acc_service_iq_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an iq service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service configuration, NULL if creation was not possible \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_configuration_destroy\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an iq configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an iq configuration that is no longer needed, may be done even if a service has been created with the specific configuration and has not yet been destroyed. The service configuration reference is set to NULL after destruction.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy, set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_get\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the cutoff for the lowpass filter in the distance domain. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The cutoff for the distance domain lowpass filter is specified as the ratio between the spatial frequency cutoff and the sample frequency. A ratio close to zero damps everything except the lowest frequencies. Increasing ratios output a wider band of spatial frequencies, and a ratio of 0.5 means that the filter is deactivated.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the distance lowpass filter cutoff for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The ratio between the configured cutoff frequency and the sampling frequency \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_set\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, float  {\i cutoff_ratio})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the cutoff for the lowpass filter in the distance domain. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The cutoff for the distance domain lowpass filter is specified as the ratio between the spatial frequency cutoff and the sample frequency. An input value of zero for the cutoff ratio will configure the smoothest allowed filter. A cutoff ratio of 0.5 turns the filter off.\par
The set of available cutoff frequencies is limited due to internal properties of the filter implementation. Call {\b acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_get} to obtain the granted cutoff frequency ratio.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the distance lowpass filter cutoff for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i cutoff_ratio} \cell }{The ratio between the desired cutoff frequency and the sampling frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_execute_once\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_execute_once}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_iq_execute_once ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, float complex *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activates service, produces one result and then deactivates the service. Blocks the application until a service result has been produced. Will not work if a callback has been set and may fail if the service is already active. The service must be configured for floating point output.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to execute \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{IQ data result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{IQ result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_get_metadata\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_get_metadata}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_get_metadata ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *  {\i metadata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been created.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get metadata for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i metadata} \cell }{Metadata results are provided in this parameter \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_get_next\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_iq_get_next ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, float complex *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been activated to retrieve the next result, blocks the application until a result is ready. The service must be configured for floating point output. It is not possible to use this blocking call and callbacks simultaneously.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{IQ data result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{IQ result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_int16_execute_once\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_int16_execute_once}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_iq_int16_execute_once ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activates service, produces one result and then deactivates the service. Blocks the application until a service result has been produced. Will not work if a callback has been set and may fail if the service is already active. The service must be configured for int16 complex output.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to execute \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{IQ data result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{IQ result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_int16_get_next\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_int16_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_iq_int16_get_next ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been activated to retrieve the next result, blocks the application until a result is ready. The service must be configured for int16 complex output. It is not possible to use this blocking call and callbacks simultaneously.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{IQ data result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{IQ result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_iq_float_callback_set\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_iq_float_callback_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_iq_float_callback_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, {\b acc_iq_float_callback_t} *  {\i callback}, void *  {\i user_reference})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive iq results in iq float complex format. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a callback is used, iq results are indicated by calling the function that is set. Within the callback it is only allowed to copy the data to a application memory to allow the best possible service execution. Setting the callback to NULL sets the service in blocking mode and results have to be retrieved through calling the acc_service_iq_get_next function.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a callback for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i callback} \cell }{The callback function to set \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i user_reference} \cell }{A client chosen reference that will be provided when calling the callback \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_iq_int16_callback_set\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_iq_int16_callback_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_iq_int16_callback_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, {\b acc_iq_int16_callback_t} *  {\i callback}, void *  {\i user_reference})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive iq results in iq int16 complex format. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a callback is used, iq results are indicated by calling the function that is set. Within the callback it is only allowed to copy the data to a application memory to allow the best possible service execution. Setting the callback to NULL sets the service in blocking mode and results have to be retrieved through calling the acc_service_iq_int16_get_next function.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a callback for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i callback} \cell }{The callback function to set \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i user_reference} \cell }{A client chosen reference that will be provided when calling the callback \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_get\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The running average factor is the factor of which the most recent sweep is weighed against previous sweeps. Valid range is between 0.0 and 1.0 where 0.0 means that no history is weighed in, i.e filtering is effectively disabled. A factor of 1.0 means that the most recent sweep has no effect on the result, which will result in that the first sweep is forever received as the result.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the running average factor for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Running average factor \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_set\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, float  {\i factor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The running average factor is the factor of which the most recent sweep is weighed against previous sweeps. Valid range is between 0.0 and 1.0 where 0.0 means that no history is weighed in, i.e filtering is effectively disabled. A factor of 1.0 means that the most recent sweep has no effect on the result, which will result in that the first sweep is forever received as the result.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the running average factor for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i factor} \cell }{The running average factor to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_get\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t} acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sampling mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the sampling mode for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid sampling mode \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_set\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t}  {\i sampling_mode})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sampling mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the sampling mode for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sampling_mode} \cell }{The sampling mode to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_stepsize_get\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_stepsize_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_iq_stepsize_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor stepsize. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the stepsize - the number of steps taken between each data point. A stepsize of 1 samples every possible point in the range. A stepsize of 2 samples every other point, and so on.\par
In the IQ service, the base step length is ~0.5mm. Thus, for example setting stepsize to 4 makes the distance between two points in the measured range ~2mm.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get stepsize from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid stepsize The stepsize \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_stepsize_set\:IQ Service}
{\xe \v IQ Service\:acc_service_iq_stepsize_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_iq_stepsize_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, uint16_t  {\i stepsize})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor stepsize. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the stepsize - the number of steps taken between each data point. A stepsize of 1 samples every possible point in the range. A stepsize of 2 samples every other point, and so on.\par
In the IQ service, the base step length is ~0.5mm. Thus, for example setting stepsize to 4 makes the distance between two points in the measured range ~2mm.\par
The IQ service supports a stepsize of 1, 2, or 4.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set stepsize in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i stepsize} \cell }{The stepsize \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Power Bins Service\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARD}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Power Bins service API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the power bins service. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the power bins service. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_power_bins_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const float *data, const {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a power bins callback function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_power_bins_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a power bins service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_power_bins_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a power bins configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested bin count. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, uint16_t requested_bin_count)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested bin count. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_power_bins_power_bins_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_power_bins_callback_t} *power_bins_callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive power bins results. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_power_bins_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, float *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_power_bins_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, float *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Power Bins service API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_power_bins_callback_t\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_power_bins_callback_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void() acc_power_bins_callback_t(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const float *data, const {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a power bins callback function. }}\par
{
Definition at line 50 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_configuration_create\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_service_power_bins_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} acc_service_power_bins_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a power bins service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service configuration, NULL if creation was not possible \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_configuration_destroy\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_service_power_bins_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_power_bins_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a power bins configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a power bins configuration that is no longer needed, may be done even if a service has been created with the specific configuration and has not yet been destroyed. The service configuration reference is set to NULL after destruction.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy, set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_execute_once\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_service_power_bins_execute_once}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_power_bins_execute_once ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, float *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activates service, produces one result and then deactivates the service. Blocks the application until a service result has been produced. Will not work if a callback has been set and may fail if the service is already active.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to execute \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{Power bins result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{Power Bins result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t} *  {\i metadata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been created.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get metadata for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i metadata} \cell }{Metadata results are provided in this parameter \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_get_next\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_service_power_bins_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_power_bins_get_next ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, float *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been activated to retrieve the next result, blocks the application until a result is ready. It is not possible to use this blocking call and callbacks simultaneously.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{Power bins result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{Power Bins result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_power_bins_callback_set\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_service_power_bins_power_bins_callback_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_power_bins_power_bins_callback_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, {\b acc_power_bins_callback_t} *  {\i power_bins_callback}, void *  {\i user_reference})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive power bins results. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a callback is used, power bins results are indicated by calling the function that is set. Within the callback it is only allowed to copy the data to a application memory to allow the best possible service execution. Setting the callback as NULL disables callback operation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a callback for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i power_bins_callback} \cell }{The callback function to set \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i user_reference} \cell }{A user chosen reference that will be provided when calling the callback \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_get\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested bin count. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The service configuration to get the requested bin count from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Requested bin count \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_set\:Power Bins Service}
{\xe \v Power Bins Service\:acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, uint16_t  {\i requested_bin_count})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested bin count. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The service configuration to set the requested bin count in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i requested_bin_count} \cell }{The requested bin count \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Sparse Service\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARN}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sparse service API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the sparse service. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the sparse service. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_sparse_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const uint16_t *data, const {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sparse callback function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_A}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_B}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sampling mode. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a sparse service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a sparse configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get} (const {\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the number of sweeps per service frame. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, uint16_t sweeps)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweeps per service frame. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_get} (const {\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sweep rate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, float sweep_rate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweep rate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t} {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sampling mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t} sampling_mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sampling mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_service_sparse_stepsize_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor stepsize. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_stepsize_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, uint16_t stepsize)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor stepsize. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_sparse_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_sparse_callback_t} *callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive sparse results. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_get_metadata} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_sparse_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_sparse_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sparse service API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 41 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_sparse_callback_t\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_sparse_callback_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void() acc_sparse_callback_t(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const uint16_t *data, const {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sparse callback function. }}\par
{
Definition at line 71 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_enum_t\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_enum_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_enum_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sampling mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The sampling mode changes how the hardware accelerated averaging is done. Mode A is optimized for maximal independence of the depth points, giving a higher depth resolution than mode B. Mode B is instead optimized for maximal SNR per unit time spent on measuring. This makes it more energy efficient and suitable for cases where small movements are to be detected over long ranges. Mode A is more suitable for applications like gesture recognition, measuring the distance to a movement, and speed measurements.\par
Mode B typically gives roughly 3 dB better SNR per unit time than mode A. However, please note that very short ranges of only one or a few points are suboptimal with mode B. In those cases, always use mode A. \par
}{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_A\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_A}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_A{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARR}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_B\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_B}
{\qr ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_B{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARS}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 36 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_configuration_create\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} acc_service_sparse_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAART}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAART}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a sparse service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service configuration, NULL if creation was not possible \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_configuration_destroy\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_sparse_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a sparse configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a sparse configuration that is no longer needed, may be done even if a service has been created with the specific configuration and has not yet been destroyed. The service configuration reference is set to NULL after destruction.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy, set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_get\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_get (const {\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sweep rate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the requested sweep rate. Values of zero of lower are treated as the maximum possible rate.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The service configuration to get the sweep rate from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid sweep_rate The sweep rate \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_set\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, float  {\i sweep_rate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweep rate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the requested sweep rate. Values of zero of lower are treated as the maximum possible rate.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The service configuration to set the sweep rate in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sweep_rate} \cell }{The sweep rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get (const {\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the number of sweeps per service frame. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the number of sweeps that will be returned in each frame from the service.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The service configuration to get sweeps per result from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid sweeps per frame \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, uint16_t  {\i sweeps})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweeps per service frame. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the number of sweeps that will be returned in each frame from the service.\par
For sampling mode B, the number of sweeps per frame must be less than or equal to 64.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The service configuration to set sweeps per results in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sweeps} \cell }{Sweeps per frame \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_execute_once\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_execute_once}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_sparse_execute_once ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, uint16_t *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activates service, produces one result and then deactivates the service. Blocks the application until a service result has been produced. Will not work if a callback has been set and may fail if the service is already active.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to execute \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{sparse result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{Sparse result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_get_metadata\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_get_metadata}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_sparse_get_metadata ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, {\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t} *  {\i metadata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been created.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get metadata for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i metadata} \cell }{Metadata results are provided in this parameter \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_get_next\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} acc_service_sparse_get_next ({\b acc_service_handle_t}  {\i handle}, uint16_t *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}, {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *  {\i result_info})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a service has been activated to retrieve the next result, blocks the application until a result is ready. It is not possible to use this blocking call and callbacks simultaneously.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The service handle for the service to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{sparse result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data_length} \cell }{The length of the buffer provided for the result \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result_info} \cell }{Sparse result info, sending in NULL is ok \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Service status \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_get\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t} acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sampling mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the sampling mode for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid sampling mode \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_set\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t}  {\i sampling_mode})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sampling mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the sampling mode for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sampling_mode} \cell }{The sampling mode to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_sparse_callback_set\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_sparse_callback_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_sparse_sparse_callback_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, {\b acc_sparse_callback_t} *  {\i callback}, void *  {\i user_reference})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive sparse results. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a callback is used, sparse results are indicated by calling the function that is set. Within the callback it is only allowed to copy the data to a application memory to allow the best possible service execution. Setting the callback as NULL disables callback operation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set a callback for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i callback} \cell }{The callback function to set \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i user_reference} \cell }{A user chosen reference that will be provided when calling the callback \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_stepsize_get\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_stepsize_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_sparse_stepsize_get ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor stepsize. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the stepsize - the number of steps taken between each data point. A stepsize of 1 samples every possible point in the range. A stepsize of 2 samples every other point, and so on.\par
In the sparse service, the base step length is ~6cm. Thus, for example setting stepsize to 3 makes the distance between two points in the measured range ~18cm.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get stepsize from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid stepsize The stepsize \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_stepsize_set\:Sparse Service}
{\xe \v Sparse Service\:acc_service_sparse_stepsize_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_service_sparse_stepsize_set ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i service_configuration}, uint16_t  {\i stepsize})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor stepsize. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the stepsize - the number of steps taken between each data point. A stepsize of 1 samples every possible point in the range. A stepsize of 2 samples every other point, and so on.\par
In the sparse service, the base step length is ~6cm. Thus, for example setting stepsize to 3 makes the distance between two points in the measured range ~18cm.\par
The sparse service supports setting an arbitrary stepsize of at least 1.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i service_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set stepsize in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i stepsize} \cell }{The stepsize \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Sweep Configuration\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASH}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sweep configuration API description. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_sweep_configuration * {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_A}, 
{\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_B}, 
{\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_C}, 
{\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_D}, 
{\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_COUNT}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Power save mode. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} {\b acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor id that is configured. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor id. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested start of the range to sweep. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float start_m)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested start of the range to sweep. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested length of the range to sweep. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float length_m)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested length of the range to sweep. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_range_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float start_m, float length_m)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested range to sweep, both start and length. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_max_frequency_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the repetition mode for sweeps to max frequency. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_streaming_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float update_rate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the repetition mode for sweeps to streaming mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t} {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get power save mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t} power_save_mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set power save mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get receiver gain setting. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float gain)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set receiver gain setting. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get TX disable mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, bool tx_disable)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set TX disable mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get 'Decrease TX emission' mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, bool decrease_tx_emission)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set 'Decrease TX emission' mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t {\b acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the hardware accelerated average samples. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, uint8_t samples)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the hardware accelerated average samples. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sweep configuration API description. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 42 of file acc_sweep_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_t\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_sweep_configuration* {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 50 of file acc_sweep_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_enum_t\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_enum_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_enum_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Power save mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Each power save mode corresponds to a how much of the sensor hardware is shutdown between sweeps. Mode A means that the whole sensor is shutdown between sweeps while mode D means that the sensor is in its active state all the time. For each power save mode there will be a limit in the achievable update rate. Mode A will have the lowest update rate limit but also consumes the least amount of power for low update rates. The update rate limits also depend on integration and range settings so for each scenario it is up to the user to find the best possible compromise between update rate and power consumption. \par
}{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_A\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_A}
{\qr ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_A{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASL}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_B\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_B}
{\qr ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_B{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASM}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_C\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_C}
{\qr ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_C{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASN}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_D\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_D}
{\qr ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_D{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASO}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_COUNT\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_COUNT}
{\qr ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_COUNT{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASP}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 34 of file acc_sweep_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_get\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_get (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get 'Decrease TX emission' mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to get 'decrease TX emission' mode from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 'decrease TX emission' mode \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, bool  {\i decrease_tx_emission})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set 'Decrease TX emission' mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set 'decrease TX emission' mode in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i decrease_tx_emission} \cell }{true or false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_get\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint8_t acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_get (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the hardware accelerated average samples. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the number of hardware accelerated averaged samples for each data point.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to get hardware accelerated average samples from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Hardware accelerated average samples \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, uint8_t  {\i samples})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAST}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAST}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the hardware accelerated average samples. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the number of hardware accelerated averaged samples for each data point.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set hardware accelerated average samples in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i samples} \cell }{Hardware accelerated average samples, must be between 1 and 63, inclusive \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_get\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t} acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_get (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get power save mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to get power save mode for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Power save mode \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t}  {\i power_save_mode})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set power save mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set power save mode in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i power_save_mode} \cell }{The power save mode to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_get\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_get (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get receiver gain setting. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Will be a value between 0.0 and 1.0, where 0.0 is the lowest gain and 1.0 is the highest gain\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to get receiver gain setting for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Receiver gain setting \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i gain})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set receiver gain setting. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Must be a value between 0.0 and 1.0, where 0.0 is the lowest gain and 1.0 is the highest gain\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set receiver gain setting in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i gain} \cell }{Receiver gain setting, must be between 0.0 and 1.0 \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_max_frequency_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_max_frequency_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_max_frequency_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the repetition mode for sweeps to max frequency. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
In max frequency mode the sensor sweeps continuously as fast as the complete system (host and sensor) is capable of handling. No timing is guaranteed in this mode.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set max frequency mode in \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_streaming_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_streaming_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_streaming_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i update_rate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the repetition mode for sweeps to streaming mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
In streaming mode the timing in the sensor hardware is used as the source for when to perform sweeps.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set streaming mode in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i update_rate} \cell }{The output data rate from the service in hertz \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_get\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_get (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested length of the range to sweep. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to get the requested length from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Requested length \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i length_m})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested length of the range to sweep. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set the requested length in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i length_m} \cell }{The requested length in meters \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_requested_range_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_requested_range_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_requested_range_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i start_m}, float  {\i length_m})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested range to sweep, both start and length. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set the requested range in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i start_m} \cell }{The requested start in meters \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i length_m} \cell }{The requested length in meters \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_get\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_get (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested start of the range to sweep. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to get the requested start from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Requested start \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i start_m})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested start of the range to sweep. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set the requested start in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i start_m} \cell }{The requested start in meters \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_get\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_get (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor id that is configured. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to get the sensor id from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Sensor Id \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, {\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor_id})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor id. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set the sensor id in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensor_id} \cell }{The sensor id to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_get\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_get (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get TX disable mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Will be true if TX is disabled, false otherwise\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set TX disable mode in \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TX disable mode \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_set\:Sweep Configuration}
{\xe \v Sweep Configuration\:acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_set ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, bool  {\i tx_disable})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set TX disable mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enable TX disable mode to measure RX noise floor\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The sweep configuration to set TX disable mode in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i tx_disable} \cell }{TX disable mode, true or false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Data Structure Documentation{\tc \v Data Structure Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_calibration_context_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_calibration_context_t}
{\xe \v acc_calibration_context_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATJ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_definitions.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t {\b data} [64]\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {
Definition at line 412 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v data\:acc_calibration_context_t}
{\xe \v acc_calibration_context_t\:data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint8_t acc_calibration_context_t::data[64]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 414 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_definitions.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_distance_basic_handle Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATL}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b magic_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_handle_t} {\b envelope_handle}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t * {\b envelope_data}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b envelope_data_length}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b distance_offset}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b distance_slope}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {
Definition at line 24 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v distance_offset\:acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle\:distance_offset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_distance_basic_handle::distance_offset}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 30 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v distance_slope\:acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle\:distance_slope}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_distance_basic_handle::distance_slope}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 31 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v envelope_data\:acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle\:envelope_data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t* acc_detector_distance_basic_handle::envelope_data}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 28 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v envelope_data_length\:acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle\:envelope_data_length}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_detector_distance_basic_handle::envelope_data_length}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 29 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v envelope_handle\:acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle\:envelope_handle}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_handle_t} acc_detector_distance_basic_handle::envelope_handle}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 27 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v magic_number\:acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle\:magic_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t acc_detector_distance_basic_handle::magic_number}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 26 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
source/{\b acc_detector_distance_basic.c}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATS}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct for a reflection. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_distance_basic.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b distance}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b amplitude}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct for a reflection. \par
}{
Definition at line 31 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v amplitude\:acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t\:amplitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t::amplitude}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 34 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v distance\:acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t\:distance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t::distance}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 33 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_distance_basic.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATV}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the distance detector. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_distance_peak.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_start_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_length_m}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the distance detector. \par
}{
Definition at line 84 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v actual_length_m\:acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t\:actual_length_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t::actual_length_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 87 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_start_m\:acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t\:actual_start_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t::actual_start_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 86 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_distance_peak.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATY}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reflection struct for the distance detector reflections. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_distance_peak.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b distance}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b amplitude}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reflection struct for the distance detector reflections. \par
}{
Definition at line 75 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v amplitude\:acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t\:amplitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t::amplitude}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 78 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v distance\:acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t\:distance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t::distance}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 77 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_distance_peak.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUB}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the distance detector. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_distance_peak.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b sequence_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b data_saturated}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the distance detector. \par
}{
Definition at line 94 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v data_saturated\:acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t\:data_saturated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t::data_saturated}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 97 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sequence_number\:acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t\:sequence_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t::sequence_number}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 96 of file acc_detector_distance_peak.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_distance_peak.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUE}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold parameters for non coherent background cancellation. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b stationary}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b moving}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b distance_limit_far}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b close_addition}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b distance_limit_near}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold parameters for non coherent background cancellation. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i stationary} \cell }{The amplitude limit for stationary objects close to the sensor \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i moving} \cell }{The amplitude limit for moving objects and objects far from the sensor \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i distance_limit_far} \cell }{For distances larger than the far limit, use the {\b moving} threshold \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i close_addition} \cell }{The amplitude increase at closest distance, applied for all velocities \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i distance_limit_near} \cell }{{\b close_addition} threshold is applied from first distance in the range and linearly falls off to 0 at first distance plus distance_limit_near \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 59 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v close_addition\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t\:close_addition}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t::close_addition}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 64 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v distance_limit_far\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t\:distance_limit_far}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t::distance_limit_far}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 63 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v distance_limit_near\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t\:distance_limit_near}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t::distance_limit_near}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 65 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v moving\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t\:moving}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t::moving}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 62 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v stationary\:acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t\:stationary}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t::stationary}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 61 of file acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUK}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each sweep provided by the obstacle detector. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_obstacle.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b sequence_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b sensor_communication_error}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b data_saturated}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b data_available}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each sweep provided by the obstacle detector. \par
}{
Definition at line 28 of file acc_detector_obstacle.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v data_available\:acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t\:data_available}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t::data_available}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 33 of file acc_detector_obstacle.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v data_saturated\:acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t\:data_saturated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t::data_saturated}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 32 of file acc_detector_obstacle.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor_communication_error\:acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t\:sensor_communication_error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t::sensor_communication_error}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 31 of file acc_detector_obstacle.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sequence_number\:acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t\:sequence_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t::sequence_number}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 30 of file acc_detector_obstacle.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_obstacle.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_obstacle_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_obstacle_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUP}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t {\b nbr_of_obstacles}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_obstacle_t} * {\b obstacles}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A struct containing information about detected obstacles\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nbr_of_obstacles} \cell }{The number of obstacles detected at a given time \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i obstacles} \cell }{An array containing information about detected obstacles. The array contains obstacles_detected elements. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 54 of file acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v nbr_of_obstacles\:acc_detector_obstacle_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_t\:nbr_of_obstacles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint8_t acc_detector_obstacle_t::nbr_of_obstacles}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 56 of file acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v obstacles\:acc_detector_obstacle_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_obstacle_t\:obstacles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_obstacle_t}* acc_detector_obstacle_t::obstacles}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 57 of file acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUS}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Parameter structure for data filtering settings. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_presence.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b inter_frame_deviation_time_const}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b inter_frame_fast_cutoff}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b inter_frame_slow_cutoff}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b intra_frame_time_const}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b intra_frame_weight}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b output_time_const}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Parameter structure for data filtering settings. \par
}{
Definition at line 32 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v inter_frame_deviation_time_const\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t\:inter_frame_deviation_time_const}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t::inter_frame_deviation_time_const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Time constant in s for inter-frame signal smoothing after the bandpass filtering \par
}{
Definition at line 35 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v inter_frame_fast_cutoff\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t\:inter_frame_fast_cutoff}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t::inter_frame_fast_cutoff}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Low pass cutoff frequency in Hz for inter-frame signal bandpass filtering \par
}{
Definition at line 37 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v inter_frame_slow_cutoff\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t\:inter_frame_slow_cutoff}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t::inter_frame_slow_cutoff}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
High pass cutoff frequency in Hz for inter-frame signal bandpass filtering \par
}{
Definition at line 39 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v intra_frame_time_const\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t\:intra_frame_time_const}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t::intra_frame_time_const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Time constant in s for inter-frame signal smoothing \par
}{
Definition at line 41 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v intra_frame_weight\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t\:intra_frame_weight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t::intra_frame_weight}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Weight between 0 and 1 for presence score interpolation between the inter-frame and intra-frame signals \par
}{
Definition at line 43 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v output_time_const\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t\:output_time_const}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t::output_time_const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Time constant in s for smoothing of the presence score \par
}{
Definition at line 45 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_presence.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_detector_presence_result_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_detector_presence_result_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_result_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUZ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Presence detector results container. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_presence.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b presence_detected}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b presence_score}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b presence_distance}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Presence detector results container. \par
}{
Definition at line 52 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v presence_detected\:acc_detector_presence_result_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_result_t\:presence_detected}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_presence_result_t::presence_detected}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 54 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v presence_distance\:acc_detector_presence_result_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_result_t\:presence_distance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_result_t::presence_distance}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 56 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v presence_score\:acc_detector_presence_result_t}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_result_t\:presence_score}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_result_t::presence_score}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 55 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_presence.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_hal_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_hal_t}
{\xe \v acc_hal_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVD}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains the information about the sensor integration that RSS needs. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_definitions.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_integration_properties_t} {\b properties}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_integration_os_primitives_t} {\b os}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_integration_sensor_device_t} {\b sensor_device}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_integration_log_t} {\b log}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains the information about the sensor integration that RSS needs. \par
}{
Definition at line 400 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v log\:acc_hal_t}
{\xe \v acc_hal_t\:log}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_integration_log_t} acc_hal_t::log}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 405 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v os\:acc_hal_t}
{\xe \v acc_hal_t\:os}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_integration_os_primitives_t} acc_hal_t::os}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 403 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v properties\:acc_hal_t}
{\xe \v acc_hal_t\:properties}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_integration_properties_t} acc_hal_t::properties}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 402 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor_device\:acc_hal_t}
{\xe \v acc_hal_t\:sensor_device}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_integration_sensor_device_t} acc_hal_t::sensor_device}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 404 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_definitions.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_int16_complex_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_int16_complex_t}
{\xe \v acc_int16_complex_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVI}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Data type for interger-based representation of complex numbers. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_definitions.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int16_t {\b real}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int16_t {\b imag}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Data type for interger-based representation of complex numbers. \par
}{
Definition at line 30 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v imag\:acc_int16_complex_t}
{\xe \v acc_int16_complex_t\:imag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int16_t acc_int16_complex_t::imag}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 33 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v real\:acc_int16_complex_t}
{\xe \v acc_int16_complex_t\:real}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int16_t acc_int16_complex_t::real}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 32 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_definitions.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_integration_log_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_integration_log_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_log_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVL}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about log properties and functions needed by RSS. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_definitions.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_log_level_t} {\b log_level}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_log_function_t} {\b log}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about log properties and functions needed by RSS. \par
}{
Definition at line 375 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v log\:acc_integration_log_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_log_t\:log}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_log_function_t} acc_integration_log_t::log}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 378 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v log_level\:acc_integration_log_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_log_t\:log_level}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_log_level_t} acc_integration_log_t::log_level}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 377 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_definitions.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_integration_os_primitives_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVO}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct that contains the implementation of os integration primitives. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_definitions.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_sleep_us_function_t} {\b sleep_us}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_mem_alloc_function_t} {\b mem_alloc}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_mem_free_function_t} {\b mem_free}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_get_thread_id_function_t} {\b get_thread_id}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_get_time_function_t} {\b gettime}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_mutex_create_function_t} {\b mutex_create}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_mutex_destroy_function_t} {\b mutex_destroy}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_mutex_lock_function_t} {\b mutex_lock}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_mutex_unlock_function_t} {\b mutex_unlock}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_thread_create_function_t} {\b thread_create}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_thread_exit_function_t} {\b thread_exit}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_thread_cleanup_function_t} {\b thread_cleanup}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_create_function_t} {\b semaphore_create}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_destroy_function_t} {\b semaphore_destroy}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_wait_function_t} {\b semaphore_wait}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_signal_function_t} {\b semaphore_signal}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_signal_from_interrupt_function_t} {\b semaphore_signal_from_interrupt}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct that contains the implementation of os integration primitives. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
RSS will operate in single threaded mode if the function pointer {\i thread_create}  is set to NULL. All other functions for thead handling and syncronization can then also be set to NULL. \par
}{
Definition at line 209 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get_thread_id\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:get_thread_id}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_get_thread_id_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::get_thread_id}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 214 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v gettime\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:gettime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_get_time_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::gettime}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 215 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v mem_alloc\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:mem_alloc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_mem_alloc_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::mem_alloc}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 212 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v mem_free\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:mem_free}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_mem_free_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::mem_free}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 213 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v mutex_create\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:mutex_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_mutex_create_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::mutex_create}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 216 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v mutex_destroy\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:mutex_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_mutex_destroy_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::mutex_destroy}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 217 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v mutex_lock\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:mutex_lock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_mutex_lock_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::mutex_lock}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 218 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v mutex_unlock\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:mutex_unlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_mutex_unlock_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::mutex_unlock}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 219 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v semaphore_create\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:semaphore_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_create_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::semaphore_create}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 223 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v semaphore_destroy\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:semaphore_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_destroy_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::semaphore_destroy}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 224 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v semaphore_signal\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:semaphore_signal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_signal_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::semaphore_signal}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 226 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v semaphore_signal_from_interrupt\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:semaphore_signal_from_interrupt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_signal_from_interrupt_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::semaphore_signal_from_interrupt}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 227 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v semaphore_wait\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:semaphore_wait}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_semaphore_wait_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::semaphore_wait}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 225 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sleep_us\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:sleep_us}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_sleep_us_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::sleep_us}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 211 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v thread_cleanup\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:thread_cleanup}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_thread_cleanup_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::thread_cleanup}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 222 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v thread_create\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:thread_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_thread_create_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::thread_create}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 220 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v thread_exit\:acc_integration_os_primitives_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_os_primitives_t\:thread_exit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_os_thread_exit_function_t} acc_integration_os_primitives_t::thread_exit}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 221 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_definitions.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_integration_properties_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_integration_properties_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_properties_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWG}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about board properties that are needed by RSS. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_definitions.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b sensor_count}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
size_t {\b max_spi_transfer_size}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about board properties that are needed by RSS. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b sensor_count} is the maximal sensor ID that the integration layer supports. This value must not exceed {\b ACC_SENSOR_ID_MAX}.\par
{\b max_spi_transfer_size} is zero or the maximal buffer size that is supported by the implementation of {\b acc_hal_sensor_transfer_function_t}. Use a zero value to indicate that there is no restriction. Otherwise, this value must not be smaller than {\b ACC_SPI_TRANSFER_SIZE_REQUIRED}. \par
}{
Definition at line 328 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v max_spi_transfer_size\:acc_integration_properties_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_properties_t\:max_spi_transfer_size}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
size_t acc_integration_properties_t::max_spi_transfer_size}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 331 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor_count\:acc_integration_properties_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_properties_t\:sensor_count}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t acc_integration_properties_t::sensor_count}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 330 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_definitions.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_integration_sensor_device_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_integration_sensor_device_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_sensor_device_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWJ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains function pointers that point to functions needed for communication with the radar sensor. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_definitions.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t} {\b power_on}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t} {\b power_off}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_hal_sensor_wait_for_interrupt_function_t} {\b wait_for_interrupt}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_hal_sensor_transfer_function_t} {\b transfer}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_hal_get_frequency_function_t} {\b get_reference_frequency}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains function pointers that point to functions needed for communication with the radar sensor. \par
}{
Definition at line 292 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get_reference_frequency\:acc_integration_sensor_device_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_sensor_device_t\:get_reference_frequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_get_frequency_function_t} acc_integration_sensor_device_t::get_reference_frequency}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 298 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v power_off\:acc_integration_sensor_device_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_sensor_device_t\:power_off}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t} acc_integration_sensor_device_t::power_off}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 295 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v power_on\:acc_integration_sensor_device_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_sensor_device_t\:power_on}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t} acc_integration_sensor_device_t::power_on}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 294 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v transfer\:acc_integration_sensor_device_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_sensor_device_t\:transfer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_sensor_transfer_function_t} acc_integration_sensor_device_t::transfer}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 297 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v wait_for_interrupt\:acc_integration_sensor_device_t}
{\xe \v acc_integration_sensor_device_t\:wait_for_interrupt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_sensor_wait_for_interrupt_function_t} acc_integration_sensor_device_t::wait_for_interrupt}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 296 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_definitions.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_obstacle_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_obstacle_t}
{\xe \v acc_obstacle_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWP}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A struct representing a detected obstacle. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b radial_velocity}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b distance}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b amplitude}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A struct representing a detected obstacle. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i radial_velocity} \cell }{The radial velocity of the obstacle \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i distance} \cell }{The distance in m from the sensor where the obstacle is located \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amplitude} \cell }{The detected amplitude in the reflection from the obstacle \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 40 of file acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v amplitude\:acc_obstacle_t}
{\xe \v acc_obstacle_t\:amplitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_obstacle_t::amplitude}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 44 of file acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v distance\:acc_obstacle_t}
{\xe \v acc_obstacle_t\:distance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_obstacle_t::distance}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 43 of file acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v radial_velocity\:acc_obstacle_t}
{\xe \v acc_obstacle_t\:radial_velocity}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_obstacle_t::radial_velocity}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 42 of file acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWT}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The result of an assembly test run. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_rss_assembly_test.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b test_name}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b test_passed}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The result of an assembly test run. \par
}{
Definition at line 27 of file acc_rss_assembly_test.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v test_name\:acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t\:test_name}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
const char* acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t::test_name}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 29 of file acc_rss_assembly_test.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v test_passed\:acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t\:test_passed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t::test_passed}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 30 of file acc_rss_assembly_test.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_rss_assembly_test.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_service_envelope_metadata_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWW}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the envelope service. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_service_envelope.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_start_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_length_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b data_length}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b stitch_count}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_stepsize_m}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the envelope service. \par
}{
Definition at line 45 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v actual_length_m\:acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_metadata_t\:actual_length_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_envelope_metadata_t::actual_length_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 48 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_start_m\:acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_metadata_t\:actual_start_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_envelope_metadata_t::actual_start_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 47 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_stepsize_m\:acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_metadata_t\:actual_stepsize_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_envelope_metadata_t::actual_stepsize_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 51 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v data_length\:acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_metadata_t\:data_length}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_envelope_metadata_t::data_length}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 49 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v stitch_count\:acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_metadata_t\:stitch_count}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_envelope_metadata_t::stitch_count}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 50 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_service_envelope.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_service_envelope_result_info_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_service_envelope_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_result_info_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXC}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the envelope service. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_service_envelope.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b sequence_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b sensor_communication_error}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b data_saturated}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the envelope service. \par
}{
Definition at line 58 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v data_saturated\:acc_service_envelope_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_result_info_t\:data_saturated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_envelope_result_info_t::data_saturated}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 62 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor_communication_error\:acc_service_envelope_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_result_info_t\:sensor_communication_error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_envelope_result_info_t::sensor_communication_error}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 61 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sequence_number\:acc_service_envelope_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_envelope_result_info_t\:sequence_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t acc_service_envelope_result_info_t::sequence_number}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 60 of file acc_service_envelope.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_service_envelope.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_service_iq_metadata_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_service_iq_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_metadata_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXG}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the iq service. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_service_iq.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_start_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_length_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b data_length}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b stitch_count}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_stepsize_m}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the iq service. \par
}{
Definition at line 42 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v actual_length_m\:acc_service_iq_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_metadata_t\:actual_length_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_iq_metadata_t::actual_length_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 45 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_start_m\:acc_service_iq_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_metadata_t\:actual_start_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_iq_metadata_t::actual_start_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 44 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_stepsize_m\:acc_service_iq_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_metadata_t\:actual_stepsize_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_iq_metadata_t::actual_stepsize_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 48 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v data_length\:acc_service_iq_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_metadata_t\:data_length}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_iq_metadata_t::data_length}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 46 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v stitch_count\:acc_service_iq_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_metadata_t\:stitch_count}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_iq_metadata_t::stitch_count}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 47 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_service_iq.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_service_iq_result_info_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_service_iq_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_result_info_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXM}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the iq service. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_service_iq.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b sequence_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b sensor_communication_error}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b data_saturated}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the iq service. \par
}{
Definition at line 55 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v data_saturated\:acc_service_iq_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_result_info_t\:data_saturated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_iq_result_info_t::data_saturated}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 59 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor_communication_error\:acc_service_iq_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_result_info_t\:sensor_communication_error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_iq_result_info_t::sensor_communication_error}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 58 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sequence_number\:acc_service_iq_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_iq_result_info_t\:sequence_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t acc_service_iq_result_info_t::sequence_number}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 57 of file acc_service_iq.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_service_iq.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXQ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the power bins service. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_service_power_bins.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_start_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_length_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b actual_bin_count}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b stitch_count}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_stepsize_m}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the power bins service. \par
}{
Definition at line 26 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v actual_bin_count\:acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t\:actual_bin_count}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t::actual_bin_count}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 30 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_length_m\:acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t\:actual_length_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t::actual_length_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 29 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_start_m\:acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t\:actual_start_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t::actual_start_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 28 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_stepsize_m\:acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t\:actual_stepsize_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t::actual_stepsize_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 32 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v stitch_count\:acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t\:stitch_count}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t::stitch_count}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 31 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_service_power_bins.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXW}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the power bins service. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_service_power_bins.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b sequence_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b sensor_communication_error}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b data_saturated}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the power bins service. \par
}{
Definition at line 39 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v data_saturated\:acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t\:data_saturated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t::data_saturated}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 43 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor_communication_error\:acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t\:sensor_communication_error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t::sensor_communication_error}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 42 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sequence_number\:acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t\:sequence_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t::sequence_number}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 41 of file acc_service_power_bins.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_service_power_bins.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_service_sparse_metadata_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYA}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the sparse service. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_service_sparse.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_start_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_length_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b data_length}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_sweep_rate}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b actual_stepsize_m}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the sparse service. \par
}{
Definition at line 47 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v actual_length_m\:acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_metadata_t\:actual_length_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_sparse_metadata_t::actual_length_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 50 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_start_m\:acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_metadata_t\:actual_start_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_sparse_metadata_t::actual_start_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 49 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_stepsize_m\:acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_metadata_t\:actual_stepsize_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_sparse_metadata_t::actual_stepsize_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 53 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v actual_sweep_rate\:acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_metadata_t\:actual_sweep_rate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_service_sparse_metadata_t::actual_sweep_rate}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 52 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v data_length\:acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_metadata_t\:data_length}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_service_sparse_metadata_t::data_length}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 51 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_service_sparse.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_service_sparse_result_info_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_service_sparse_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_result_info_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYG}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the sparse service. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_service_sparse.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b sensor_communication_error}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b data_saturated}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b sequence_number}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the sparse service. \par
}{
Definition at line 60 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v data_saturated\:acc_service_sparse_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_result_info_t\:data_saturated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_sparse_result_info_t::data_saturated}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 63 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor_communication_error\:acc_service_sparse_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_result_info_t\:sensor_communication_error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_service_sparse_result_info_t::sensor_communication_error}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 62 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v sequence_number\:acc_service_sparse_result_info_t}
{\xe \v acc_service_sparse_result_info_t\:sequence_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t acc_service_sparse_result_info_t::sequence_number}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 64 of file acc_service_sparse.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_service_sparse.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
acc_version_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v acc_version_t}
{\xe \v acc_version_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYK}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <acc_types_version.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
char {\b commit} [(60)]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
char {\b status} [(60)]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
char {\b tag} [(60)]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
char {\b version} [(60)]\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {
Definition at line 13 of file acc_types_version.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v commit\:acc_version_t}
{\xe \v acc_version_t\:commit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
char acc_version_t::commit[(60)]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 14 of file acc_types_version.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v status\:acc_version_t}
{\xe \v acc_version_t\:status}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
char acc_version_t::status[(60)]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 15 of file acc_types_version.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v tag\:acc_version_t}
{\xe \v acc_version_t\:tag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
char acc_version_t::tag[(60)]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 16 of file acc_types_version.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v version\:acc_version_t}
{\xe \v acc_version_t\:version}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
char acc_version_t::version[(60)]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 17 of file acc_types_version.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/{\b acc_types_version.h}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
input_t Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v input_t}
{\xe \v input_t}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYP}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the distance basic detector. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b service_type_t} {\b service_type}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b sweep_count}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b wait_for_interrupt}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b start_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b end_m}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b frequency}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b n_bins}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b gain}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t} {\b profile}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b running_avg}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b sensor}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_log_level_t} {\b log_level}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
char * {\b file_path}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b count}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} {\b sensor}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b range_start}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b range_length}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the distance basic detector. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is an example on how the envelope service can be used. The example executes as follows:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Initiate HAL layer\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate Radar System Software (RSS)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a distance basic detector\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Get the result and print it forever\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Destroy the distance basic detector\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate Radar System Software (RSS) \par}
}{
Definition at line 50 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Field Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v count\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:count}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint32_t input_t::count}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 30 of file example_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v end_m\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:end_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float input_t::end_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 56 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v file_path\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:file_path}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
char* input_t::file_path}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 64 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v frequency\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:frequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float input_t::frequency}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 57 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v gain\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:gain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float input_t::gain}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 59 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v log_level\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:log_level}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_log_level_t} input_t::log_level}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 63 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v n_bins\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:n_bins}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int input_t::n_bins}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 58 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v profile\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:profile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t} input_t::profile}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 60 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v range_length\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:range_length}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float input_t::range_length}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 33 of file example_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v range_start\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:range_start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float input_t::range_start}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 32 of file example_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v running_avg\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:running_avg}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float input_t::running_avg}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 61 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:sensor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} input_t::sensor}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 31 of file example_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v sensor\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:sensor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int input_t::sensor}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 62 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v service_type\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:service_type}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b service_type_t} input_t::service_type}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 52 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v start_m\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:start_m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float input_t::start_m}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 55 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v sweep_count\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:sweep_count}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t input_t::sweep_count}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 53 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v wait_for_interrupt\:input_t}
{\xe \v input_t\:wait_for_interrupt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool input_t::wait_for_interrupt}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 54 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
source/{\b acc_service_data_logger.c}\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
source/{\b example_detector_distance_basic.c}\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Documentation{\tc \v File Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/envelope.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/envelope.md}
{\xe \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/envelope.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/iq.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/iq.md}
{\xe \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/iq.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/power_bins.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/power_bins.md}
{\xe \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/power_bins.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/sparse.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/sparse.md}
{\xe \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/sparse.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/user_guide_main.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/user_guide_main.md}
{\xe \v /home/ai/jenkins/workspace/sw-main/doc/user_guides/rss/user_guide_main.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_definitions.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_definitions.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_definitions.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <inttypes.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <time.h>}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_int16_complex_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Data type for interger-based representation of complex numbers. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_integration_os_primitives_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct that contains the implementation of os integration primitives. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_integration_sensor_device_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains function pointers that point to functions needed for communication with the radar sensor. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_integration_properties_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about board properties that are needed by RSS. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_integration_log_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains information about log properties and functions needed by RSS. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_hal_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This struct contains the information about the sensor integration that RSS needs. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_calibration_context_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_SENSOR_ID_MAX}\~ 32\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_SPI_TRANSFER_SIZE_REQUIRED}\~ 16\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b PRIsensor_id}\~ PRIu32\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Macro for printing sensor id. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_sensor_id_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_os_thread_id_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_os_mutex * {\b acc_os_mutex_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_os_semaphore * {\b acc_os_semaphore_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_os_thread_handle * {\b acc_os_thread_handle_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_sleep_us_function_t}) (uint32_t time_usec)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sleep microseconds function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void *(* {\b acc_os_mem_alloc_function_t}) (size_t)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a memory allocation function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_mem_free_function_t}) (void *)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a memory free function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef {\b acc_os_thread_id_t}(* {\b acc_os_get_thread_id_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a function to retrieve the current thread id. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_get_time_function_t}) (uint32_t *time_usec)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a time retrival function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef {\b acc_os_mutex_t}(* {\b acc_os_mutex_create_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex creation function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_mutex_lock_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex lock function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_mutex_unlock_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex unlock function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_mutex_destroy_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_mutex_t} mutex)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a mutex destroy function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef {\b acc_os_thread_handle_t}(* {\b acc_os_thread_create_function_t}) (void(*func) (void *param), void *param, const char *name)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread creation function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_thread_exit_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread exit function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_thread_cleanup_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_thread_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a thread cleanup function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef {\b acc_os_semaphore_t}(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_create_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore create function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef bool(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_wait_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem, uint16_t timeout_ms)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore wait function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_signal_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore signal function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_signal_from_interrupt_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore signal from interrupt function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_os_semaphore_destroy_function_t}) ({\b acc_os_semaphore_t} sem)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a semaphore destroy function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_hal_sensor_power_function_t}) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor power function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef float(* {\b acc_hal_get_frequency_function_t}) (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a hal get frequency function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_hal_sensor_isr_t}) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor interrupt service routine (ISR) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef bool(* {\b acc_hal_sensor_wait_for_interrupt_function_t}) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id, uint32_t timeout_ms)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a wait for sensor interrupt function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_hal_sensor_transfer_function_t}) ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id, uint8_t *buffer, size_t buffer_size)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sensor transfer function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_log_level_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_log_function_t}) ({\b acc_log_level_t} level, const char *module, const char *buffer)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a log function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_log_level_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_WARNING}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_INFO}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_VERBOSE}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DEBUG}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DIAGNOSTICS}, 
{\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_MAX}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This enum represents the different log levels for RSS. }}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ACC_SENSOR_ID_MAX\:acc_definitions.h}
{\xe \v acc_definitions.h\:ACC_SENSOR_ID_MAX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_SENSOR_ID_MAX\~ 32}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Defines the largest allowed value of a sensor ID \par
}{
Definition at line 14 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_SPI_TRANSFER_SIZE_REQUIRED\:acc_definitions.h}
{\xe \v acc_definitions.h\:ACC_SPI_TRANSFER_SIZE_REQUIRED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_SPI_TRANSFER_SIZE_REQUIRED\~ 16}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Specifies the minimal size in bytes that SPI transfers must be able to handle \par
}{
Definition at line 16 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v PRIsensor_id\:acc_definitions.h}
{\xe \v acc_definitions.h\:PRIsensor_id}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define PRIsensor_id\~ PRIu32}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Macro for printing sensor id. }}\par
{
Definition at line 24 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_sensor_id_t\:acc_definitions.h}
{\xe \v acc_definitions.h\:acc_sensor_id_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_sensor_id_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 19 of file acc_definitions.h.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_detector_distance_basic.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_detector_distance_basic.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_detector_distance_basic.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_envelope.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Struct for a reflection. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle} {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Detector handle to be used when getting results after creation. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} * {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_create} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor, float range_start, float range_length)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} **handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_get_reflection} ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} *handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a reflection from the distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_detector_distance_peak.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_detector_distance_peak.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_detector_distance_peak.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reflection struct for the distance detector reflections. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the distance detector. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the distance detector. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration * {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_distance_peak_handle * {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_SUCCESS}, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_STATUS_FAILURE}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Distance detector error codes. }}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION}, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR}, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAX}, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_DEFAULT} = ACC_DETECTOR_DISTANCE_PEAK_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Predefined profiles allowing fast setup of a distance detector configuration. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} *configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance detector configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_create} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} *handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_activate} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_deactivate} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate a distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_is_active} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_get_sweep_configuration} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the distance detector sweep configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_get} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a profile of configuration parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_set} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_profile_t} profile)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a profile of configuration parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_get} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_running_average_factor_set} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, float factor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_get_next} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t} *reflections, uint_fast16_t *reflection_count, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the distance detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_get_metadata} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the distance detector metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_fixed} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, uint16_t fix_threshold_value)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold mode to fixed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_provided} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, size_t threshold_context_size, void *threshold_context_data)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold value to the provided one. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_threshold_mode_estimation} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the threshold mode to estimation i.e. the distance detector estimates and creates threshold to be used. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_update} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, uint16_t updates_count, float distance_start_m, float distance_end_m)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold estimation update. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_absolute_amplitude} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, bool set_absolute)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set if distance detector should operate on absolute amplitude (otherwise delta amplitude compared to threshold, which is the default behaviour) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_reset} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold estimation reset. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_size} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, size_t *threshold_data_size)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of threshold estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_threshold_estimation_get_data} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, size_t threshold_data_size, uint8_t *threshold_data)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the result of a threshold estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sensitivity} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, float sensitivity)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensitivity factor for false detection rate, 0.0 for lowest sensitivity and 1.0 for highest sensitivity. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_set_sort_by_amplitude} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} configuration, bool sort_by_amplitude)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sort reflection by amplitude. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_detector_motion.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_detector_motion.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_detector_motion.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_motion_configuration * {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_motion_handle * {\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a motion detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} *motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a motion detector configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_motion_create} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a motion detector with the provided configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_motion_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} *motion_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a motion detector identified with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_motion_activate} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} motion_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the motion detector associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_motion_deactivate} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} motion_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the motion detector associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_motion_is_active} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} motion_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_motion_get_next} ({\b acc_detector_motion_handle_t} motion_handle, bool *motion_detected)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the motion detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_get_sweep_configuration} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve a sweep configuration from a motion detector configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_get} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sensitivity factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_sensitivity_set} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration, float sensitivity_factor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensitivity factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_get} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get update rate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_update_rate_set} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration, float update_rate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set update rate. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_detector_obstacle.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_detector_obstacle.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_detector_obstacle.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <complex.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each sweep provided by the obstacle detector. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_handle * {\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_create} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_activate} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_deactivate} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_estimate_background} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle, bool *completed, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Estimate background. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle, uint8_t *background_estimation)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get background estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_set} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle, const uint8_t *background_estimation)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set background estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
size_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_background_estimation_get_size} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the background estimation buffer. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_get_next} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t} *obstacle_data, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get next sweep from the sensor and process it. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_is_active} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if the detector is activated or not. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_handle_t} *handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_radial_velocity_to_degrees} (float speed, float radial_velocity)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Convert angle index to angle in degrees. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <complex.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Threshold parameters for non coherent background cancellation. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_configuration * {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void(* {\b acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t}) (const float complex *matrix_row, uint_fast16_t row_length, uint_fast16_t rows_left)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A callback for retrieving the FFT matrix used in the detector algorithm. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t} \{ {\b ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_COHERENT} = 0, 
{\b ACC_DETECTOR_OBSTACLE_CONFIGURATION_BACKGROUND_CANCELLATION_MODE_NON_COHERENT}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Background cancellation mode. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_speed} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float speed, bool rescale_highpass_speed)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the max speed of the carrier of the detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_speed} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the max speed of the carrier of the detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_allow_reverse} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, bool allow_reverse)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set if the detector should be able to measure angle for sensors placed backwards compared to speed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_allow_reverse} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get allow reverse status. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_speed_filter_highpass} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float speed_highpass_mask)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the highpass masking for radial speed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_speed_filter_highpass} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the highpass filter cutoff for radial speed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_thresholds} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} *thresholds)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set object thresholds. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_threshold_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_thresholds} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get thresholds for non-coherent background cancellation mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_gain} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float gain)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the receiver gain in the radar sensor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_gain} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the receiver gain in the radar sensor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_start} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float range_start)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the start of the detection range. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_start} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the start of the detection range. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_length} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float range_length)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the length of the detection range counted from range start. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_length} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the length of the detection range counted from range start. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_range_end_overscan} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float range_end_overscan)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the length of the sweep range beyond the end of the obstacle detection range. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_range_end_overscan} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the length of the sweep range beyond the end of the obstacle detection range. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sensor} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, {\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor ID on the sensor the detector should run on. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sensor} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor ID. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_cancellation_mode} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t} mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the background cancellation mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_background_cancellation_mode_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_cancellation_mode} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the background cancellation mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_estimation_iterations} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, uint16_t iterations)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the number of iterations that should be done for background estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_estimation_iterations} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the number of iterations that should be collected for background estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_background_scale} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float background_scale)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the scale factor used in the noncoherent background estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_background_scale} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the scale factor used in the noncoherent background estimation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_sweep_downsample_scale} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, uint16_t sweep_down_sample_scale)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set downsample scale factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_sweep_downsample_scale} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get downsample scale factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_max_number_of_obstacles} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, uint16_t max_number_of_obstacles)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set max number of obstacles. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_max_number_of_obstacles} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get max number of obstacles. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_distance_offset} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float distance_offset)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set static distance offset. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_distance_offset} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get static obstacle distance offset. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_edge_to_peak_ratio} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, float edge_to_peak_ratio)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the edge detection level ratio for the obstacle distance calculation. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_edge_to_peak_ratio} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the edge detection level ratio. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_set_fft_probe} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t} fft_probe)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set FFT probe. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_probe_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_get_fft_probe} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get FFT probe. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} *obstacle_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a configuration for an obstacle detector. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_detector_obstacle_processing.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <complex.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_obstacle_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_iq.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_obstacle_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A struct representing a detected obstacle. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle * {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
size_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_get_size} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, const {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *iq_metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the buffer used in {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
size_t {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get_size} (const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the size of the background estimation buffer. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_init} (void *buffer, const {\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} obstacle_configuration, const {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *iq_metadata, float iq_lowpass_cutoff_ratio)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Init an obstacle detector processing instance. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_estimate_background} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *iq_data, bool *completed)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Estimate background. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_get} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle, uint8_t *background_estimation)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get background estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_background_estimation_set} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle, const uint8_t *background_estimation)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set background estimation data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_next} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *iq_data, {\b acc_detector_obstacle_t} *obstacle_data, bool *data_available)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Process sensor data. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_radial_velocity_to_degrees} (float speed, float radial_velocity)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Convert radial velocity to angle in degrees. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_obstacle_processing_calculate_sweep_frequency} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Calculate sweep frequency for a configuration. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_detector_presence.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_detector_presence.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Parameter structure for data filtering settings. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_presence_result_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Presence detector results container. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_presence_handle * {\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_detector_presence_configuration * {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a presence detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} *presence_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a presence detector configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} {\b acc_detector_presence_create} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} presence_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a presence detector with the provided configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} *presence_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a presence detector identified with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_presence_reconfigure} ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} *presence_handle, const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} presence_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reconfigure a presence detector with the provided configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_presence_activate} ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} presence_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the presence detector associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_presence_deactivate} ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} presence_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the presence detector associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_detector_presence_get_next} ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} presence_handle, {\b acc_detector_presence_result_t} *result)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the presence detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_start_get} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sweep range start. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_start_set} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration, float range_start)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweep range start. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_length_get} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sweep range length. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_length_set} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration, float range_length)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweep range length. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_sensor_get} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sensor ID. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_sensor_set} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensor ID. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_detection_threshold_get} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get detection threshold. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_detection_threshold_set} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration, float detection_threshold)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set detection threshold. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_update_rate_get} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get detection update rate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_update_rate_set} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration, float update_rate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set detection update rate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the number of sweeps per frame. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration, uint16_t sweeps_per_frame)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the number of sweeps per frame. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t} {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_get} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sensor data filtering parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_set} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration, const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t} *filter_parameters)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensor data filtering parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t} {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_power_save_mode_get} (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get power save mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_power_save_mode_set} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t} power_save_mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set power save mode. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_t\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_presence_configuration* {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 26 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_handle_t\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct acc_detector_presence_handle* {\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 18 of file acc_detector_presence.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_activate\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_activate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_presence_activate ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t}  {\i presence_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the presence detector associated with the provided handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_handle} \cell }{The presence detector handle for the presence detector to activate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_create\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} acc_detector_presence_configuration_create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a presence detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Presence detector configuration, NULL if creation was not possible \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_destroy\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_destroy ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} *  {\i presence_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a presence detector configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_configuration} \cell }{The configuration to destroy, set to NULL \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_detection_threshold_get\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_detection_threshold_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_detection_threshold_get (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get detection threshold. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the detection threshold for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid detection threshold \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_detection_threshold_set\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_detection_threshold_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_detection_threshold_set ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i detection_threshold})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set detection threshold. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the detection threshold for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i detection_threshold} \cell }{The threshold \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_get\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t} acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_get (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sensor data filtering parameters. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
See {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_set}\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the filter parameters for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The filter parameters, see {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t} \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_set\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_set ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t} *  {\i filter_parameters})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensor data filtering parameters. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set filter parameters for the sensor data filtering that is performed before presence detection thresholding.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the filter parameters for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i filter_parameters} \cell }{The filter parameter structure, see {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_filter_parameters_t} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_power_save_mode_get\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_power_save_mode_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t} acc_detector_presence_configuration_power_save_mode_get (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get power save mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the power save mode for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid power save mode \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_power_save_mode_set\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_power_save_mode_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_power_save_mode_set ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t}  {\i power_save_mode})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set power save mode. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the power save mode for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i power_save_mode} \cell }{The power save mode \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_length_get\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_length_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_length_get (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sweep range length. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the sweep range length for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid requested sweep range length in m \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_length_set\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_length_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_length_set ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i range_length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweep range length. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the requested sweep range length for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i range_length} \cell }{The requested sweep range length in m \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_start_get\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_start_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_start_get (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sweep range start. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the sweep range start for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid requested sweep range start in m \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_start_set\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_start_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_range_start_set ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i range_start})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweep range start. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the sweep range start for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i range_start} \cell }{The requested sweep range start in m \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_sensor_get\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_sensor_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} acc_detector_presence_configuration_sensor_get (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sensor ID. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the sensor ID for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid sensor ID \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_sensor_set\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_sensor_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_sensor_set ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, {\b acc_sensor_id_t}  {\i sensor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sensor ID. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the sensor ID for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sensor} \cell }{The sensor ID \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t acc_detector_presence_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the number of sweeps per frame. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the number of sweeps per frame for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The number of sweeps per frame \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, uint16_t  {\i sweeps_per_frame})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the number of sweeps per frame. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the number of sweeps per frame for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i sweeps_per_frame} \cell }{The requested number of sweeps per frame \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_update_rate_get\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_update_rate_get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float acc_detector_presence_configuration_update_rate_get (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get detection update rate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to get the detection update rate for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid detection update rate \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_configuration_update_rate_set\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_configuration_update_rate_set}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_configuration_update_rate_set ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}, float  {\i update_rate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set detection update rate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i configuration} \cell }{The configuration to set the detection update rate for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i update_rate} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_create\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} acc_detector_presence_create (const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i presence_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a presence detector with the provided configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Only one presence detector may exist for a specific sensor at any given time and invalid configurations will not allow for presence detector creation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_configuration} \cell }{The presence detector configuration to create a presence detector with \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Presence detector handle, NULL if presence detector was not possible to create \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_deactivate\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_deactivate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_presence_deactivate ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t}  {\i presence_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the presence detector associated with the provided handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_handle} \cell }{The presence detector handle for the presence detector to deactivate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_destroy\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_detector_presence_destroy ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} *  {\i presence_handle})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a presence detector identified with the provided handle. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy the context of a presence detector allowing another presence detector to be created using the same resources. The presence detector handle reference is set to NULL after destruction. If NULL is sent in, nothing happens.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_handle} \cell }{A reference to the presence detector handle to destroy \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_get_next\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_get_next}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_presence_get_next ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t}  {\i presence_handle}, {\b acc_detector_presence_result_t} *  {\i result})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the presence detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
May only be called after a presence detector has been activated, blocks the application until a result is ready.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_handle} \cell }{The presence detector handle for the presence detector to get the next result for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i result} \cell }{Presence detector results \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if successful, otherwise false \par
}}}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence_reconfigure\:acc_detector_presence.h}
{\xe \v acc_detector_presence.h\:acc_detector_presence_reconfigure}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool acc_detector_presence_reconfigure ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} *  {\i presence_handle}, const {\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i presence_configuration})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reconfigure a presence detector with the provided configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Only one presence detector may exist for a specific sensor at any given time and invalid reconfigurations will not allow for presence detector creation.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_handle} \cell }{A reference to the presence detector handle to reconfigure \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_configuration} \cell }{The presence detector configuration to reconfigure a presence detector with \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if possible to reconfigure \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_device.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_device.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_device.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void * {\b acc_device_handle_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a device handle. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_device_handle_t\:acc_device.h}
{\xe \v acc_device.h\:acc_device_handle_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef void* {\b acc_device_handle_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a device handle. }}\par
{
Definition at line 15 of file acc_device.h.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_log.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_log.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_log.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG}(level, ...)\~ {\b acc_log}(level, {\b MODULE}, __VA_ARGS__)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_ERROR}(...)\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR}, __VA_ARGS__)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_WARNING}(...)\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_WARNING}, __VA_ARGS__)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_INFO}(...)\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_INFO}, __VA_ARGS__)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_VERBOSE}(...)\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_VERBOSE}, __VA_ARGS__)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_DEBUG}(...)\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DEBUG}, __VA_ARGS__)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_SIGN}(a)\~ ((a < 0.0f) ? (-1) : (1))\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_FLOAT_INT}(a)\~ ((unsigned long int)(a + 0.0000005f))\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_FLOAT_DEC}(a)\~ (unsigned long int)((1000000.0f * ( (a + 0.0000005f) - ( (unsigned int)(a + 0.0000005f) ))))\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_LOG_FLOAT_TO_INTEGER}(a)\~ ((a < 0.0f) ? '-' : ' '), ACC_LOG_FLOAT_INT(a * ACC_LOG_SIGN(a)), ACC_LOG_FLOAT_DEC(a * ACC_LOG_SIGN(a))\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b PRIfloat}\~ "c%lu.%06lu"\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Specifier for printing float type using integers. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_UNUSED}(VAR)\~ (void)(VAR)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b PRINTF_ATTRIBUTE_CHECK}(a,  b)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_log} ({\b acc_log_level_t} level, const char *module, const char *format,...)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ACC_LOG\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG( level,   {\i ...})\~ {\b acc_log}(level, {\b MODULE}, __VA_ARGS__)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 13 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_DEBUG\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_DEBUG}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_DEBUG(  {\i ...})\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DEBUG}, __VA_ARGS__)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 19 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_ERROR\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_ERROR}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_ERROR(  {\i ...})\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR}, __VA_ARGS__)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 15 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_FLOAT_DEC\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_FLOAT_DEC}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_FLOAT_DEC( a)\~ (unsigned long int)((1000000.0f * ( (a + 0.0000005f) - ( (unsigned int)(a + 0.0000005f) ))))}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 23 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_FLOAT_INT\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_FLOAT_INT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_FLOAT_INT( a)\~ ((unsigned long int)(a + 0.0000005f))}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 22 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_FLOAT_TO_INTEGER\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_FLOAT_TO_INTEGER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_FLOAT_TO_INTEGER( a)\~ ((a < 0.0f) ? '-' : ' '), ACC_LOG_FLOAT_INT(a * ACC_LOG_SIGN(a)), ACC_LOG_FLOAT_DEC(a * ACC_LOG_SIGN(a))}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 25 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_INFO\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_INFO}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_INFO(  {\i ...})\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_INFO}, __VA_ARGS__)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 17 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_SIGN\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_SIGN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_SIGN( a)\~ ((a < 0.0f) ? (-1) : (1))}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 21 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_VERBOSE\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_VERBOSE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_VERBOSE(  {\i ...})\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_VERBOSE}, __VA_ARGS__)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 18 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_LOG_WARNING\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_LOG_WARNING}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_LOG_WARNING(  {\i ...})\~ {\b ACC_LOG}({\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_WARNING}, __VA_ARGS__)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 16 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_UNUSED\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:ACC_UNUSED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_UNUSED( VAR)\~ (void)(VAR)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 32 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v PRIfloat\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:PRIfloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define PRIfloat\~ "c%lu.%06lu"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Specifier for printing float type using integers. }}\par
{
Definition at line 30 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v PRINTF_ATTRIBUTE_CHECK\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:PRINTF_ATTRIBUTE_CHECK}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define PRINTF_ATTRIBUTE_CHECK( a,  b)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 37 of file acc_log.h.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_log\:acc_log.h}
{\xe \v acc_log.h\:acc_log}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_log ({\b acc_log_level_t}  {\i level}, const char *  {\i module}, const char *  {\i format},   {\i ...})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_log_integration.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_log_integration.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_log_integration.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_log_integration} ({\b acc_log_level_t} level, const char *module, const char *buffer)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_log_integration\:acc_log_integration.h}
{\xe \v acc_log_integration.h\:acc_log_integration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_log_integration ({\b acc_log_level_t}  {\i level}, const char *  {\i module}, const char *  {\i buffer})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 20 of file acc_log_integration.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_rss.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_rss.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_rss.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_activate} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_activate_with_hal} ({\b acc_hal_t} *{\b hal})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS, with HAL. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_deactivate} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the Acconeer Radar System Software, RSS. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b acc_rss_version} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the Acconeer RSS version. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_calibration_context_get} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor, {\b acc_calibration_context_t} *calibration_context)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor calibration context. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_calibration_context_set} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor, {\b acc_calibration_context_t} *calibration_context)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a previously saved sensor calibration context and verify that the sensor calibration context is valid. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_calibration_reset} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reset a calibration done on the specific sensor (or remove a previously set calibration context) }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_rss_assembly_test.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_rss_assembly_test.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_rss_assembly_test.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The result of an assembly test run. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_RSS_ASSEMBLY_TEST_MAX_NUMBER_OF_TESTS}\~ (20)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration * {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an assembly test run. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} *configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an assembly test configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_set} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor id. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_sensor_get} (const {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor id that is configured. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_read_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_write_read_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_communication_interrupt_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_supply_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the supply test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_clock_test_disable} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disable the clock test. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_assembly_test} ({\b acc_rss_assembly_test_configuration_t} test_configuration, {\b acc_rss_assembly_test_result_t} *test_results, uint16_t *nr_of_test_results)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run assembly test. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ACC_RSS_ASSEMBLY_TEST_MAX_NUMBER_OF_TESTS\:acc_rss_assembly_test.h}
{\xe \v acc_rss_assembly_test.h\:ACC_RSS_ASSEMBLY_TEST_MAX_NUMBER_OF_TESTS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_RSS_ASSEMBLY_TEST_MAX_NUMBER_OF_TESTS\~ (20)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 11 of file acc_rss_assembly_test.h.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_rss_diagnostics.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_rss_diagnostics.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_rss_diagnostics.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_rss_diagnostic_test} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run diagnostic test. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_service.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_service.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_service.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_status_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_service_configuration * {\b acc_service_configuration_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_service_handle * {\b acc_service_handle_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_service_status_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_OK}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_STATUS_FAILURE_UNSPECIFIED}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Return status for service methods. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
char * {\b acc_service_status_name_get} ({\b acc_service_status_t} status)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Return a string with a service status name. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_handle_t} {\b acc_service_create} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a service with the provided configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_activate} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Activate the service associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_deactivate} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deactivate the service associated with the provided handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_destroy} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} *service_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a service identified with the provided service handle. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_get_sweep_configuration} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve a sweep configuration from a service configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_service_is_service_active} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Check if the status of a service is active or not. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_service_envelope.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_service_envelope.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_service_envelope.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_envelope_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the envelope service. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the envelope service. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_envelope_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const uint16_t *data, const {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an envelope callback function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_SNR}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DIRECT_LEAKAGE}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAX}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_DEFAULT} = ACC_SERVICE_ENVELOPE_PROFILE_MAXIMIZE_DEPTH_RESOLUTION
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Predefined profiles allowing fast setup of an envelope configuration. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_envelope_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an envelope service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an envelope configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t} {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a profile of configuration parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_service_envelope_profile_t} profile)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a profile of configuration parameters. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get compensate phase flag. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_compensate_phase_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, bool compensate_phase)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set compensate phase flag. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_running_average_factor_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, float factor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_envelope_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_envelope_callback_t} *envelope_callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive envelope results. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_envelope_get_metadata} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_service_envelope_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_envelope_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_envelope_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_envelope_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_service_iq.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_service_iq.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_service_iq.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <complex.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the iq service. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the iq service. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_iq_float_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const float complex *data, const {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an iq callback function providing iq data as float (complex) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_iq_int16_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *data, const {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of an iq callback function providing iq data as with real and imaginary components of int16 type. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_A}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_IQ_SAMPLING_MODE_B}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sampling mode. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_iq_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for an iq service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy an iq configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the cutoff for the lowpass filter in the distance domain. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_depth_lowpass_cutoff_ratio_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, float cutoff_ratio)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the cutoff for the lowpass filter in the distance domain. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_running_average_factor_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, float factor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set running average factor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t} {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sampling mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_service_iq_sampling_mode_t} sampling_mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sampling mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_service_iq_stepsize_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor stepsize. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_stepsize_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, uint16_t stepsize)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor stepsize. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_iq_float_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_iq_float_callback_t} *callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive iq results in iq float complex format. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_iq_int16_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_iq_int16_callback_t} *callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive iq results in iq int16 complex format. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_blocking_float_output_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Configure the service in blocking mode with float complex output. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_blocking_int16_output_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Configure the service in blocking mode with int16 complex output. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_iq_get_metadata} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_service_iq_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_iq_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, float complex *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_iq_int16_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_iq_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, float complex *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_iq_int16_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_int16_complex_t} *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_iq_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_service_power_bins.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_service_power_bins.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_service_power_bins.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the power bins service. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the power bins service. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_power_bins_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const float *data, const {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a power bins callback function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_power_bins_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a power bins service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_power_bins_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a power bins configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested bin count. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_power_bins_requested_bin_count_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, uint16_t requested_bin_count)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested bin count. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_power_bins_power_bins_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_power_bins_callback_t} *power_bins_callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive power bins results. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_power_bins_get_metadata} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_service_power_bins_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_power_bins_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, float *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_power_bins_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, float *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_power_bins_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_service_sparse.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_service_sparse.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_service_sparse.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for the sparse service. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Metadata for each result provided by the sparse service. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef void() {\b acc_sparse_callback_t}(const {\b acc_service_handle_t} service_handle, const uint16_t *data, const {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *result_info, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Definition of a sparse callback function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_A}, 
{\b ACC_SERVICE_SPARSE_SAMPLING_MODE_B}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sampling mode. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_create} (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a configuration for a sparse service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_destroy} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} *service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a sparse configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_get} (const {\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the number of sweeps per service frame. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweeps_per_frame_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, uint16_t sweeps)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweeps per service frame. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_get} (const {\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sweep rate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_configuration_sweep_rate_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, float sweep_rate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sweep rate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t} {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get sampling mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_service_sparse_sampling_mode_t} sampling_mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set sampling mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b acc_service_sparse_stepsize_get} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor stepsize. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_stepsize_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, uint16_t stepsize)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor stepsize. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_sparse_callback_set} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} service_configuration, {\b acc_sparse_callback_t} *callback, void *user_reference)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set a callback to receive sparse results. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_service_sparse_get_metadata} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, {\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get service metadata. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_sparse_get_next} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieve the next result from the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_service_status_t} {\b acc_service_sparse_execute_once} ({\b acc_service_handle_t} handle, uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length, {\b acc_service_sparse_result_info_t} *result_info)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Execute service one time. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_sweep_configuration.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_sweep_configuration.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_sweep_configuration.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef uint32_t {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct acc_sweep_configuration * {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_enum_t} \{ {\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_A}, 
{\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_B}, 
{\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_C}, 
{\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_D}, 
{\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_COUNT}
 \}{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Power save mode. }}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sensor_id_t} {\b acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sensor id that is configured. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_sensor_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor_id)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the sensor id. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested start of the range to sweep. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_start_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float start_m)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested start of the range to sweep. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the requested length of the range to sweep. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_length_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float length_m)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested length of the range to sweep. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_requested_range_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float start_m, float length_m)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the requested range to sweep, both start and length. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_max_frequency_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the repetition mode for sweeps to max frequency. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_repetition_mode_streaming_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float update_rate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the repetition mode for sweeps to streaming mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t} {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get power save mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, {\b acc_sweep_configuration_power_save_mode_t} power_save_mode)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set power save mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get receiver gain setting. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_receiver_gain_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, float gain)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set receiver gain setting. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get TX disable mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_tx_disable_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, bool tx_disable)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set TX disable mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get 'Decrease TX emission' mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_decrease_tx_emission_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, bool decrease_tx_emission)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set 'Decrease TX emission' mode. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t {\b acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_get} (const {\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the hardware accelerated average samples. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_sweep_configuration_hw_accelerated_average_samples_set} ({\b acc_sweep_configuration_t} configuration, uint8_t samples)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the hardware accelerated average samples. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_types_version.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_types_version.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_types_version.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_version_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_VERSION_LENGTH_MAX}\~ (60)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ACC_VERSION_LENGTH_MAX\:acc_types_version.h}
{\xe \v acc_types_version.h\:ACC_VERSION_LENGTH_MAX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_VERSION_LENGTH_MAX\~ (60)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 11 of file acc_types_version.h.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
include/acc_version.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v include/acc_version.h}
{\xe \v include/acc_version.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_VERSION_COMMIT}\~ "1e68e929f0244ebf59b6f8d3d7824ae939ae0f05"\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_VERSION_STATUS}\~ "0 Modified, 0 untracked"\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_VERSION_TAG}\~ "v1.10.0"\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ACC_VERSION}\~ "v1.10.0"\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ACC_VERSION\:acc_version.h}
{\xe \v acc_version.h\:ACC_VERSION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_VERSION\~ "v1.10.0"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 7 of file acc_version.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_VERSION_COMMIT\:acc_version.h}
{\xe \v acc_version.h\:ACC_VERSION_COMMIT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_VERSION_COMMIT\~ "1e68e929f0244ebf59b6f8d3d7824ae939ae0f05"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 4 of file acc_version.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_VERSION_STATUS\:acc_version.h}
{\xe \v acc_version.h\:ACC_VERSION_STATUS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_VERSION_STATUS\~ "0 Modified, 0 untracked"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 5 of file acc_version.h.}\par
}
{\xe \v ACC_VERSION_TAG\:acc_version.h}
{\xe \v acc_version.h\:ACC_VERSION_TAG}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ACC_VERSION_TAG\~ "v1.10.0"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file acc_version.h.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/acc_detector_distance_basic.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/acc_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v source/acc_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_distance_basic.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_device_os.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_log.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_envelope.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b MODULE}\~ "detector_distance_basic"\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b MAGIC_NUMBER}\~ (0xACC0D157)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b INDEX_TO_DISTANCE_CONVERSION}(X,  K,  M)\~ ((K) * (X) + (M))\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
typedef struct {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle} {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_internal_t}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b handle_valid} ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} *detector_handle)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static uint16_t {\b get_reflection_index} (uint16_t *data, uint16_t data_length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} * {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_create} ({\b acc_sensor_id_t} sensor, float range_start, float range_length)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_destroy} ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} **handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destroy a distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b acc_detector_distance_basic_reflection_t} {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_get_reflection} ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} *handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a reflection from the distance basic detector. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v INDEX_TO_DISTANCE_CONVERSION\:acc_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic.c\:INDEX_TO_DISTANCE_CONVERSION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define INDEX_TO_DISTANCE_CONVERSION( X,  K,  M)\~ ((K) * (X) + (M))}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 20 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v MAGIC_NUMBER\:acc_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic.c\:MAGIC_NUMBER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define MAGIC_NUMBER\~ (0xACC0D157)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 19 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v MODULE\:acc_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic.c\:MODULE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define MODULE\~ "detector_distance_basic"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 17 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_internal_t\:acc_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic.c\:acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_internal_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
typedef struct {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle}  {\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_internal_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get_reflection_index\:acc_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic.c\:get_reflection_index}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint16_t get_reflection_index (uint16_t *  {\i data}, uint16_t  {\i data_length}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 165 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v handle_valid\:acc_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v acc_detector_distance_basic.c\:handle_valid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool handle_valid ({\b acc_detector_distance_basic_handle_t} *  {\i detector_handle}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 151 of file acc_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/acc_log_integration.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/acc_log_integration.c}
{\xe \v source/acc_log_integration.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stddef.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_log_integration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_device_os.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b LOG_FORMAT}\~ "%02u:%02u:%02u.%03u [%5u] (%c) (%s): %s\\n"\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b acc_log_integration} ({\b acc_log_level_t} level, const char *module, const char *buffer)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_log_level_t} {\b log_level_limit} = {\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DIAGNOSTICS}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v LOG_FORMAT\:acc_log_integration.c}
{\xe \v acc_log_integration.c\:LOG_FORMAT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define LOG_FORMAT\~ "%02u:%02u:%02u.%03u [%5u] (%c) (%s): %s\\n"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 14 of file acc_log_integration.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acc_log_integration\:acc_log_integration.c}
{\xe \v acc_log_integration.c\:acc_log_integration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void acc_log_integration ({\b acc_log_level_t}  {\i level}, const char *  {\i module}, const char *  {\i buffer})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 20 of file acc_log_integration.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v log_level_limit\:acc_log_integration.c}
{\xe \v acc_log_integration.c\:log_level_limit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_log_level_t} log_level_limit = {\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_DIAGNOSTICS}{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 17 of file acc_log_integration.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/acc_service_data_logger.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v source/acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADM}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <complex.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <getopt.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <signal.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stddef.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <string.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_device_os.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_log.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_envelope.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_iq.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_power_bins.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b input_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the distance basic detector. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_SWEEP_COUNT}\~ 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_WAIT_FOR_INTERRUPT}\~ true\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_RANGE_START_M}\~ 0.07f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_RANGE_END_M}\~ 0.5f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_N_BINS}\~ 10\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_PROFILE}\~ 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_GAIN}\~ -1.0f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_FREQUENCY}\~ 10.0f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_RUNNING_AVG}\~ -1.0f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_SENSOR}\~ 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_LOG_LEVEL}\~ {\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumerations\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b service_type_t} \{ {\b INVALID_SERVICE} = 0, 
{\b POWER_BIN}, 
{\b ENVELOPE}, 
{\b IQ}
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b initialize_input} ({\b input_t} *input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b parse_options} (int argc, char *argv[], {\b input_t} *input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b set_up_power_bin} ({\b input_t} *input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_status_t} {\b execute_power_bin} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} power_bin_configuration, char *file_path, bool wait_for_interrupt, uint16_t sweep_count)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b set_up_envelope} ({\b input_t} *input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_status_t} {\b execute_envelope} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} envelope_configuration, char *file_path, bool wait_for_interrupt, uint16_t sweep_count)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_configuration_t} {\b set_up_iq} ({\b input_t} *input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_status_t} {\b execute_iq} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} iq_configuration, char *file_path, bool wait_for_interrupt, uint16_t sweep_count)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b interrupt_handler} (int signum)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (int argc, char *argv[])\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b print_usage} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
volatile sig_atomic_t {\b interrupted} = 0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DEFAULT_FREQUENCY\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_FREQUENCY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_FREQUENCY\~ 10.0f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 34 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_GAIN\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_GAIN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_GAIN\~ -1.0f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 33 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_LOG_LEVEL\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_LOG_LEVEL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_LOG_LEVEL\~ {\b ACC_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 37 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_N_BINS\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_N_BINS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_N_BINS\~ 10}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 31 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_PROFILE\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_PROFILE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_PROFILE\~ 1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 32 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_RANGE_END_M\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_RANGE_END_M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_RANGE_END_M\~ 0.5f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 30 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_RANGE_START_M\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_RANGE_START_M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_RANGE_START_M\~ 0.07f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 29 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_RUNNING_AVG\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_RUNNING_AVG}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_RUNNING_AVG\~ -1.0f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 35 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_SENSOR\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_SENSOR}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_SENSOR\~ 1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 36 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_SWEEP_COUNT\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_SWEEP_COUNT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_SWEEP_COUNT\~ 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 27 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_WAIT_FOR_INTERRUPT\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:DEFAULT_WAIT_FOR_INTERRUPT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_WAIT_FOR_INTERRUPT\~ true}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 28 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Enumeration Type Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v service_type_t\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:service_type_t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b service_type_t}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Enumerator:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\xe \v INVALID_SERVICE\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:INVALID_SERVICE}
{\qr INVALID_SERVICE{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADZ}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v POWER_BIN\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:POWER_BIN}
{\qr POWER_BIN{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEA}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v ENVELOPE\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:ENVELOPE}
{\qr ENVELOPE{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEB}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
{\xe \v IQ\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:IQ}
{\qr IQ{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEC}
\cell }{\cell }{\row }
}
\par
{
Definition at line 42 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v execute_envelope\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:execute_envelope}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} execute_envelope ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i envelope_configuration}, char *  {\i file_path}, bool  {\i wait_for_interrupt}, uint16_t  {\i sweep_count}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAED}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 655 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v execute_iq\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:execute_iq}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} execute_iq ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i iq_configuration}, char *  {\i file_path}, bool  {\i wait_for_interrupt}, uint16_t  {\i sweep_count}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 777 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v execute_power_bin\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:execute_power_bin}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} execute_power_bin ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i power_bin_configuration}, char *  {\i file_path}, bool  {\i wait_for_interrupt}, uint16_t  {\i sweep_count}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 530 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v initialize_input\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:initialize_input}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void initialize_input ({\b input_t} *  {\i input}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 68 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v interrupt_handler\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:interrupt_handler}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void interrupt_handler (int  {\i signum}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 109 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (int  {\i argc}, char *  {\i argv}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 118 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v parse_options\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:parse_options}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool parse_options (int  {\i argc}, char *  {\i argv}[], {\b input_t} *  {\i input}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 285 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v print_usage\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:print_usage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void print_usage (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 257 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v set_up_envelope\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:set_up_envelope}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} set_up_envelope ({\b input_t} *  {\i input}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 615 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v set_up_iq\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:set_up_iq}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} set_up_iq ({\b input_t} *  {\i input}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 740 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v set_up_power_bin\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:set_up_power_bin}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_configuration_t} set_up_power_bin ({\b input_t} *  {\i input}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 494 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v interrupted\:acc_service_data_logger.c}
{\xe \v acc_service_data_logger.c\:interrupted}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
volatile sig_atomic_t interrupted = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 39 of file acc_service_data_logger.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_assembly_test.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_assembly_test.c}
{\xe \v source/example_assembly_test.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEP}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss_assembly_test.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_SENSOR_ID}\~ 1\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DEFAULT_SENSOR_ID\:example_assembly_test.c}
{\xe \v example_assembly_test.c\:DEFAULT_SENSOR_ID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_SENSOR_ID\~ 1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 12 of file example_assembly_test.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v main\:example_assembly_test.c}
{\xe \v example_assembly_test.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAER}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 18 of file example_assembly_test.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:example_assembly_test.c}
{\xe \v example_assembly_test.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAES}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 15 of file example_assembly_test.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_detector_distance_basic.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v source/example_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAET}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <getopt.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_distance_basic.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b input_t}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the distance basic detector. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b parse_input} (int argc, char *argv[], {\b input_t} *input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (int argc, char *argv[])\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v main\:example_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_basic.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (int  {\i argc}, char *  {\i argv}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 42 of file example_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v parse_input\:example_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_basic.c\:parse_input}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool parse_input (int  {\i argc}, char *  {\i argv}[], {\b input_t} *  {\i input}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 98 of file example_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:example_detector_distance_basic.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_basic.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 39 of file example_detector_distance_basic.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_detector_distance_peak.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v source/example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEX}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stddef.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_distance_peak.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b FIXED_THRESHOLD_VALUE}\~ (500)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the distance peak detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SENSOR_ID}\~ (1)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b RANGE_START_M}\~ (0.2f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b RANGE_LENGTH_M}\~ (0.5f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b ITERATIONS}\~ (20)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b create_detector} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} *handle)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} {\b detect_with_blocking_calls} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} handle)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static char * {\b format_distances} (uint16_t reflection_count, const {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t} *reflections)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b configure_detector} ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t} distance_configuration)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v FIXED_THRESHOLD_VALUE\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:FIXED_THRESHOLD_VALUE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define FIXED_THRESHOLD_VALUE\~ (500)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the distance peak detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is an example on how the distance peak detector can be used. The example executes as follows:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate Radar System Software (RSS)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a distance peak detector configuration (with blocking mode as default)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a distance peak detector using the previously created configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate the distance peak detector\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Get the result and print it 100 times\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate and destroy the distance peak detector\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Destroy the distance peak detector configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate Radar System Software \par}
}{
Definition at line 32 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v ITERATIONS\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:ITERATIONS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define ITERATIONS\~ (20)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 36 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v RANGE_LENGTH_M\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:RANGE_LENGTH_M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define RANGE_LENGTH_M\~ (0.5f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 35 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v RANGE_START_M\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:RANGE_START_M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define RANGE_START_M\~ (0.2f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 34 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v SENSOR_ID\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:SENSOR_ID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SENSOR_ID\~ (1)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 33 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v configure_detector\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:configure_detector}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void configure_detector ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_configuration_t}  {\i distance_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 258 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v create_detector\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:create_detector}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} create_detector ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t} *  {\i handle}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 92 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v detect_with_blocking_calls\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:detect_with_blocking_calls}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_detector_distance_peak_status_t} detect_with_blocking_calls ({\b acc_detector_distance_peak_handle_t}  {\i handle}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 149 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v format_distances\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:format_distances}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
char * format_distances (uint16_t  {\i reflection_count}, const {\b acc_detector_distance_peak_reflection_t} *  {\i reflections}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 217 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:example_detector_distance_peak.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_distance_peak.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 52 of file example_detector_distance_peak.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_detector_motion.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_detector_motion.c}
{\xe \v source/example_detector_motion.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFI}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_motion.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b execute_motion_detection} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the motion detector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b reconfigure_detector} ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t} motion_configuration)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v execute_motion_detection\:example_detector_motion.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_motion.c\:execute_motion_detection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool execute_motion_detection ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}  {\i motion_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the motion detector. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is an example of how the motion detector can be used. The example executes as follows:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate Radar System Software (RSS)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Set log level, optional\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a motion detector configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a motion detector using the previously created configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate the motion detector\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Get the result and print it 5 times\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate and destroy the motion detector\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Reconfigure the motion detector\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate the motion detector\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Get the result and print it 5 times\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate and destroy the motion detector\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Destroy the motion detector configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate Radar System Software \par}
}{
Definition at line 99 of file example_detector_motion.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:example_detector_motion.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_motion.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 48 of file example_detector_motion.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v reconfigure_detector\:example_detector_motion.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_motion.c\:reconfigure_detector}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void reconfigure_detector ({\b acc_detector_motion_configuration_t}  {\i motion_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 169 of file example_detector_motion.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:example_detector_motion.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_motion.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 45 of file example_detector_motion.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_detector_obstacle.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_detector_obstacle.c}
{\xe \v source/example_detector_obstacle.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFN}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <inttypes.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <string.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_obstacle.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b execute_obstacle_with_blocking_calls} ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t} configuration)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static uint8_t * {\b background_estimation_data} = NULL\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v execute_obstacle_with_blocking_calls\:example_detector_obstacle.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_obstacle.c\:execute_obstacle_with_blocking_calls}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool execute_obstacle_with_blocking_calls ({\b acc_detector_obstacle_configuration_t}  {\i configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 71 of file example_detector_obstacle.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:example_detector_obstacle.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_obstacle.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 23 of file example_detector_obstacle.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v background_estimation_data\:example_detector_obstacle.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_obstacle.c\:background_estimation_data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint8_t* background_estimation_data = NULL{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 20 of file example_detector_obstacle.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v hal\:example_detector_obstacle.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_obstacle.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 18 of file example_detector_obstacle.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_detector_presence.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v source/example_detector_presence.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFS}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_presence.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_START_M}\~ (0.2f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_LENGTH_M}\~ (1.4f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE}\~ (10)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_POWER_SAVE_MODE}\~ {\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_B}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_DETECTION_THRESHOLD}\~ (2.0f)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b set_default_configuration} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} presence_configuration)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DEFAULT_DETECTION_THRESHOLD\:example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_presence.c\:DEFAULT_DETECTION_THRESHOLD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_DETECTION_THRESHOLD\~ (2.0f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 21 of file example_detector_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_LENGTH_M\:example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_presence.c\:DEFAULT_LENGTH_M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_LENGTH_M\~ (1.4f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 18 of file example_detector_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_POWER_SAVE_MODE\:example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_presence.c\:DEFAULT_POWER_SAVE_MODE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_POWER_SAVE_MODE\~ {\b ACC_SWEEP_CONFIGURATION_POWER_SAVE_MODE_B}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 20 of file example_detector_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_START_M\:example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_presence.c\:DEFAULT_START_M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_START_M\~ (0.2f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 17 of file example_detector_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE\:example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_presence.c\:DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE\~ (10)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 19 of file example_detector_presence.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v main\:example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_presence.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 34 of file example_detector_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v set_default_configuration\:example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_presence.c\:set_default_configuration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void set_default_configuration ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i presence_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 24 of file example_detector_presence.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:example_detector_presence.c}
{\xe \v example_detector_presence.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 15 of file example_detector_presence.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_service_envelope.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_service_envelope.c}
{\xe \v source/example_service_envelope.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGB}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stddef.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_envelope.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_status_t} {\b execute_envelope_with_blocking_calls} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} envelope_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the envelope service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b configure_sweeps} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} envelope_configuration)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v configure_sweeps\:example_service_envelope.c}
{\xe \v example_service_envelope.c\:configure_sweeps}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void configure_sweeps ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i envelope_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 164 of file example_service_envelope.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v execute_envelope_with_blocking_calls\:example_service_envelope.c}
{\xe \v example_service_envelope.c\:execute_envelope_with_blocking_calls}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} execute_envelope_with_blocking_calls ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i envelope_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the envelope service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is an example on how the envelope service can be used. The example executes as follows:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate Radar System Software (RSS)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create an envelope service configuration (with blocking mode as default)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create an envelope service using the previously created configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate the envelope service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Get the result and print it 5 times, where the last result is intentionally late\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create and activate envelope service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Destroy the envelope service configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate Radar System Software \par}
}{
Definition at line 90 of file example_service_envelope.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:example_service_envelope.c}
{\xe \v example_service_envelope.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 44 of file example_service_envelope.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:example_service_envelope.c}
{\xe \v example_service_envelope.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 41 of file example_service_envelope.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_service_iq.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_service_iq.c}
{\xe \v source/example_service_iq.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGG}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <complex.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stddef.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_iq.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_status_t} {\b execute_iq_with_blocking_calls} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} iq_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the IQ service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b configure_sweeps} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} iq_configuration)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v configure_sweeps\:example_service_iq.c}
{\xe \v example_service_iq.c\:configure_sweeps}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void configure_sweeps ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i iq_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 164 of file example_service_iq.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v execute_iq_with_blocking_calls\:example_service_iq.c}
{\xe \v example_service_iq.c\:execute_iq_with_blocking_calls}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} execute_iq_with_blocking_calls ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i iq_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the IQ service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is an example on how the IQ service can be used. The example executes as follows:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate Radar System Software (RSS)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create an IQ service configuration (with blocking mode as default)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create an IQ service using the previously created configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate the IQ service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Get the result and print it 5 times, where the last result is intentionally late\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate and destroy the IQ service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create and activate IQ service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Destroy the IQ service configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate Radar System Software \par}
}{
Definition at line 90 of file example_service_iq.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:example_service_iq.c}
{\xe \v example_service_iq.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 46 of file example_service_iq.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:example_service_iq.c}
{\xe \v example_service_iq.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 43 of file example_service_iq.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_service_power_bins.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_service_power_bins.c}
{\xe \v source/example_service_power_bins.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGL}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stddef.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_power_bins.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_status_t} {\b execute_power_bins_with_blocking_calls} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} power_bins_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the Power Bins service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b configure_sweeps} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} power_bins_configuration)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v configure_sweeps\:example_service_power_bins.c}
{\xe \v example_service_power_bins.c\:configure_sweeps}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void configure_sweeps ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i power_bins_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 154 of file example_service_power_bins.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v execute_power_bins_with_blocking_calls\:example_service_power_bins.c}
{\xe \v example_service_power_bins.c\:execute_power_bins_with_blocking_calls}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} execute_power_bins_with_blocking_calls ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i power_bins_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the Power Bins service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is an example on how the Power Bins service can be used. The example executes as follows:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate Radar System Software (RSS)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a Power Bins service configuration (with blocking mode as default)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a Power Bins service using the previously created configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate the Power Bins service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Get the result and print it 5 times, where the last result is intentionally late\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate and destroy the Power Bins service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create and activate Power Bins service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Destroy the Power Bins service configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate Radar System Software \par}
}{
Definition at line 91 of file example_service_power_bins.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:example_service_power_bins.c}
{\xe \v example_service_power_bins.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 45 of file example_service_power_bins.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:example_service_power_bins.c}
{\xe \v example_service_power_bins.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 42 of file example_service_power_bins.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/example_service_sparse.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/example_service_sparse.c}
{\xe \v source/example_service_sparse.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGQ}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stddef.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_service_sparse.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_service_status_t} {\b execute_sparse_with_blocking_calls} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} sparse_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the sparse service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b configure_sweeps} ({\b acc_service_configuration_t} sparse_configuration)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b print_data} (const char *header, const uint16_t *data, int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b print_metadata} ({\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t} *metadata)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v configure_sweeps\:example_service_sparse.c}
{\xe \v example_service_sparse.c\:configure_sweeps}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void configure_sweeps ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i sparse_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 185 of file example_service_sparse.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v execute_sparse_with_blocking_calls\:example_service_sparse.c}
{\xe \v example_service_sparse.c\:execute_sparse_with_blocking_calls}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_service_status_t} execute_sparse_with_blocking_calls ({\b acc_service_configuration_t}  {\i sparse_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Example that shows how to use the sparse service. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is an example on how the sparse service can be used. The example executes as follows:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate Radar System Software (RSS)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a sparse service configuration (with blocking mode as default)\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create a sparse service using the previously created configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Activate the sparse service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Get the result and print it 5 times, where the last result is intentionally late\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Create and activate sparse service\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Destroy the sparse service configuration\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Deactivate Radar System Software \par}
}{
Definition at line 117 of file example_service_sparse.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:example_service_sparse.c}
{\xe \v example_service_sparse.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 71 of file example_service_sparse.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v print_data\:example_service_sparse.c}
{\xe \v example_service_sparse.c\:print_data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void print_data (const char *  {\i header}, const uint16_t *  {\i data}, int  {\i length}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 44 of file example_service_sparse.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v print_metadata\:example_service_sparse.c}
{\xe \v example_service_sparse.c\:print_metadata}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void print_metadata ({\b acc_service_sparse_metadata_t} *  {\i metadata}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 62 of file example_service_sparse.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:example_service_sparse.c}
{\xe \v example_service_sparse.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 41 of file example_service_sparse.c.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
source/ref_app_smart_presence.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v source/ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v source/ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGX}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdbool.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_definitions.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_detector_presence.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_driver_hal.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_rss.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_sweep_configuration.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "acc_version.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_SENSOR_ID}\~ (1)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_START_M}\~ (0.18f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_LENGTH_M}\~ (2.00f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_ZONE_LENGTH}\~ (0.4f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE_WAKEUP}\~ (2.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE_TRACKING}\~ (20.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b DEFAULT_THRESHOLD}\~ (2.0f)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b set_default_configuration} ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t} presence_configuration)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set default values in presence configuration. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b execute_wakeup} ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use the presence detector to detect movement with low power. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b execute_movement_tracking} ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t} handle)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use the presence detector to track movement in front of the sensor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b main} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b acc_hal_t} {\b hal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DEFAULT_LENGTH_M\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:DEFAULT_LENGTH_M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_LENGTH_M\~ (2.00f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 20 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_SENSOR_ID\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:DEFAULT_SENSOR_ID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_SENSOR_ID\~ (1)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 18 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_START_M\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:DEFAULT_START_M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_START_M\~ (0.18f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 19 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_THRESHOLD\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:DEFAULT_THRESHOLD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_THRESHOLD\~ (2.0f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 24 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE_TRACKING\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE_TRACKING}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE_TRACKING\~ (20.0f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 23 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE_WAKEUP\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE_WAKEUP}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_UPDATE_RATE_WAKEUP\~ (2.0f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 22 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_ZONE_LENGTH\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:DEFAULT_ZONE_LENGTH}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define DEFAULT_ZONE_LENGTH\~ (0.4f)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 21 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v execute_movement_tracking\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:execute_movement_tracking}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool execute_movement_tracking ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t}  {\i handle}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use the presence detector to track movement in front of the sensor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The presence detector handle \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 91 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v execute_wakeup\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:execute_wakeup}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool execute_wakeup ({\b acc_detector_presence_handle_t}  {\i handle}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use the presence detector to detect movement with low power. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i handle} \cell }{The presence detector handle \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 57 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v main\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int main (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 126 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\xe \v set_default_configuration\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:set_default_configuration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void set_default_configuration ({\b acc_detector_presence_configuration_t}  {\i presence_configuration}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set default values in presence configuration. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i presence_configuration} \cell }{The presence configuration to set default values in \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 34 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hal\:ref_app_smart_presence.c}
{\xe \v ref_app_smart_presence.c\:hal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b acc_hal_t} hal{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 26 of file ref_app_smart_presence.c.}\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Index\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v Index}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}